Tuesday at 09_18_20 am

Mon, May 11, 2026 2:58PM • 1:03:44

SUMMARY KEYWORDS

intake form, risk categories, document upload, search functionality,
referral source, limited profile, eligibility determination, issue
categories, timeline, action log, supervisor review, document type,
professional judgment, user interface, system integration

SPEAKERS

Marcus Morrisey, Speaker 4, Speaker 7, Speaker 5, Speaker 1, Speaker 6,
Speaker 2, Ross, Speaker 3

Marcus Morrisey 00:00

Again, this isn't the entry point to the app. It's when you you're
already in the app. You've done a search for a individual and a family,
and you've said, Let's do an intake for this family. And so that's the
record we're looking at now. So you see this sort of line at the bottom,
and this top part is is a banner that is persistent, so the whole thing
unfolds as quite a long form. We tried to model it as closely as we
could off your actual intake form, but in this static picture, it
doesn't do it. But when in the app, it'll scroll down, and these will
stay on the top, so you'll always know who you're working with, and
you'll always have access to these controls here. So intake will have a
person that's attached to, so that would be the person of reference on
the form, I guess date received it logs who created it. This is just
showing that it will have it much like the cases for investigation will
have its own unique ID in the system, but we will have a way to link
that to a Cephas ID. And these here are going to be sort of badges or
tiles, they call them so for notifications this year. So these are the
risk categories that you see workers assess. So that'll get put at the
top of it, just so as a visual cue to people to know how quickly they
need to respond to this. That said, we know that there are set time
limits associated with these. So there's also a timer that starts. So if
you start a high risk intake, then that 24 hour clock starts ticking.
And I'll talk more about that as we get down there. But yeah, so the
status is just, I believe we just have open and close right now, or
maybe pending approval. Yeah, you can save and exit the form to save the
fields at any time. And I should say that I'm showing you the edit view
right now, just because that's where all the action usually happens
outside the edit is it just kind of like the readable version, if we
needed to review it, but edit would would bring out all the fields that
could be. Yeah, I'll show you the view as well layout that we have. But
terms of explaining the function, it's usually good to start with the
edit view so we can upload and attach documents to the intake itself, so
that would open up a little modal where you could attach this is
actually something that we discussed quite a bit. Is it often? Or do you
ever attach more than one document at once? Okay? So, yeah, I said,
Yeah, we need to have so we did that. Notes are you know? Why are these
documents being added? The Document Name is something that you would
specify so it's distinct from the file name. So if it just says, you
know, like Word doc three, this document name is a searchable field, so
you'd be able to say, You know what it actually is, without having to
necessarily rename the files you don't have that time. Document type is
also something we talked about quite a bit, but we don't know what needs
to be there we were thinking that, you know, like with service delivery,
for example, there's like, certainly set kinds of documents that are
part of, like, the process, other types for intake that we should be
thinking about, like, specific forms and here, like, I guess it's more
about categories, because it's like, if you say, for example, we're
doing a safety assessment, like, you could name it that, presumably. But
are there sort of, like, categories of, like, some sometimes legal
documents, or do you need to distinguish those things? Is this kind of
drop off, down, even valuable. I

Speaker 1 04:25

sometimes.

Marcus Morrisey 04:43

Okay? And so, yeah. I mean, if those are categories that you do track,
the one nice thing about having the document type is for filtering. So
if an intake ever has a few documents attached to it, or you're looking
for later, then you can, you'd be able to filter like, show me all the.
Documents or show me all the receipts, although I imagine receipts would
will will be slightly different in the new system, because they'll
actually go on to a fine and have arm, yeah. Well, that's what I was
asking. If there is a set of those names, then we would put that in
there. But if there really isn't, then we don't have that habit there.
Yeah, so just use the document name to sort of, so yep,

Ross 05:30

for document type. Then so the name of the document will be whatever the
worker wants to name their word document or PDF document type, whether
it's like a legal document or, you know, medical form, or, I don't know,

Speaker 2 05:44

yeah,

Ross 05:46

would would it be useful to your team, Darryl, to be able to group those
documents? So let's say I'm uploading three legal documents and a
closing statement. Would it be useful to on that document type, drop
down say, you know, legal, legal, legal. So do we have a working list of
document types that we currently kind of track? No, go through by the
name. So this is also portion that will want to probably adjust our
internal procedure just to better better match and give better direction
to staff on the expectations. For Hey, Ross, you can't leave it. Doc x1
Doc x2 Doc x3 dot. Doc x right. You actually have to go in and name it
and then do your your best,

Marcus Morrisey 06:43

yeah, and again, like, I'm not going to tell you how to do it, but one
of the nice things, if you do have even very broad document types, is
when it comes to your reporting, yeah, those are linked to certain types
of things you want to report on. It's much, much easier to pick up a set
field, right? You know for sure it's this type of document, whereas, if
it's open text, you know, people just type it different ways, or it's
typed wrong, and then you're sort of getting into, like, a fuzzy way of
finding that, or maybe have to count it. So that's just something to
consider too. Doesn't have to be decided at this moment.

Ross 07:14

Would we be uploading photos ever here sometimes? Okay, so like document
type, photo document type, even just like document or legal documents,
and just differentiating between those gets them starting, and kind

Speaker 3 07:28

of that sorting, like a sorting and filter type of thing. But you can
also like other for like, I

Speaker 4 07:32

think we might

Ross 07:33

have

Ross 07:34

to have another filter, yeah, or just even an other selection. And we
can sort by others so that later on, when we do have appropriate
categories that have been added, we're not looking for Ross's typos of
document type in there, closing,

Speaker 3 07:48

summary category. Like, for example, like, we do have a list on staff
here that has the different types. Yeah.

Marcus Morrisey 08:02

Is that for a intake? I don't know what

Marcus Morrisey 08:06

intake, to be honest.

Speaker 4 08:10

Yeah, it's all good. Yeah, there's going to be four of different kinds.
Yeah, receipts, yeah, legal,

Speaker 5 08:19

other, safety.

Speaker 4 08:20

Legal other,

Marcus Morrisey 08:25

okay? And then I just to point that you made Ross, I think we probably
don't need to include any kind of, like, what format is it? Because
we'll, we'll just put the extension and, you know, like the, yeah,

Ross 08:37

we should probably exclude some extensions like dmg, MSI, exe, things
like,

Marcus Morrisey 08:43

Oh, yeah. I don't mean that we would allow upload of anything. I'm just
saying we wouldn't need to in the drop down list. Oh, this is a PDF, or
this was a word, right? Because, no, I don't think so. I think

Ross 08:52

we'll have just lobbing on grab that from the

Speaker 5 08:54

Yeah,

Ross 08:55

from the file when it gets

Marcus Morrisey 08:56

uploaded. This, this actually, no, no, that's all good we're talking
about. And this is pretty close to what we were thinking of supporting.
Maybe we need some extra image sources, and we can

Ross 09:06

probably Tiff and he I see your Apple devices, so someone's just
uploading to their phone, right? Heic, for sure. Probably PNG, yep,
because I imagine, even if we're getting Darryl does your team when
they're doing an intake, sometimes, are you uploading documents from
other organizations, other agencies? Sometimes, if it's been passed over
to us at all, okay, so let's say Darryl gets a tip from their scanner. I
want Darryl to be able to just attach that and not have to fight with
it.

Marcus Morrisey 09:39

Yeah, and yeah, it's easy to accommodate like, Yeah, but yeah, we do
want to limit it to sort of like you said. We don't want executable
files or unusual things like that, just, you know, documents.
Essentially. One thing I should mention. So whenever you see a modal
like this or a pop out, we call it those are you. They don't go away
unless you close it. So if you accidentally click off it, or you go
somewhere else in the screen, you may not be able to interact with those
fields, but it won't close this until you hit the X and say, I'm done,
or you attach your documents, which is the final step of you loading it
here, and sort of in between this arrow is what happens depends on what
platform you're on. So it just opens the native upload, you know, if
you're on Mac, it opens up your file view, you know, which also reminded
me that I was tasked with finding out if there's a browser that you use
most often, or a few edge, edge.

Ross 10:37

It's

Marcus Morrisey 10:37

funny because I said in the meeting, I'm like, Oh, they're Mac, they
probably don't use

Ross 10:41

edge and then Safari. I think edge and Safari gonna be the big two edge
of the Microsoft integration as far because the native Mac support, so
it should be compatible two browsers,

Marcus Morrisey 10:52

perfect. Thank you.

Ross 10:53

Yep, I only ever use edge. I've never even touched edge. Totally fair.
But Case in point, you've got them we've got them both, and I don't hear
peeps from anyone I in either campus, things don't work. So that's the
path. Yeah. That's great, yeah.

Marcus Morrisey 11:10

And so, because we'll integrate that into our test scenarios, sorry, go
ahead. Yeah, absolutely. So over here, we can talk about that. We, you
know, we were just a little plus button, me, yeah, we could add more
row, yeah. Like, if that's a feature you think would be useful and you
use it, we can add a little plus button, so you can essentially add
another row, just like this, to when

Ross 11:38

you're doing your intakes. Daryl, help me understand, because I've
never, I've never done it or anything like that. When we get to this
stage for your team, do you kind of already have your pile of documents
that you've got to kind of go through and name for the most like
majority of time?

Speaker 1 11:56

Yeah. Cool. Read the summary of what happened, so our worker will get
involved. They'll fill out so that you've seen before, right? So most of
it so that it's

Marcus Morrisey 12:32

Yeah, yeah, and we just have it at the top, because we believe that
there's like, different points in the process where you might want to do
that just so it's always handy, and then it's persistent. You'll see
that there's a little section down, further down, where all the
documents are also collected. So hopefully this looks something like
your intake form, because, as you said, our understanding, essentially
is that, you know, we just started at the top, and these things are
needed to do an intake, right? So these come straight off your form,
sort of the intake type, the type of referral, if it is a referral, the
date and time received, it defaults to whenever the current time is. But
you had mentioned that you wanted just sort of one date, mostly right at
one point we had different date fields. Yep, it just, it just fills with
whatever now is. But then you can click the you can type in this box, or
you can click the calendar to select something else and say the time
that you want to log it in. Now, the thing I would say about that is
there are going to be timers. So if you put it too far in the past. It's
going to tell you, Hey, this is due. But

Ross 14:05

thinking on that, though, wouldn't would that still be the case though,
like if we're opening one, if we're just getting the intake from 48
hours or 72 hours ago? Wouldn't we want those timers to be kind of
flagging this new intake. If we set the date in the past, like, Hey,
we're past due on the work that needs to be done here. Is there ever a
time where we're backdating an intake? Okay, so it would be

Marcus Morrisey 14:52

right, but I think, I think the shortest interval is 24 hours, right? So

Ross 14:58

in the case of a five. Risk intake. Is there requirements of like
rosters in the field that day? It's a high risk intake. Is there like a
policy requirement that keeps that intake that same day, within 12
hours? On that? I think there might be.

Marcus Morrisey 15:18

So. Is it important then that we limit the scope of what they can
select? Because right now, it's just a date field so they can put, you
know, 1862 if they clicked a lot. But do we want to do we want to limit
that leeway, or are we going to let sort of professional judgment do?

Speaker 1 15:39

Well, right now, right

Ross 16:01

would it be helpful if we kind of leave it as it is, but we have the
alarm and the timers still active on that to alert everyone, because
that might be our Canary coal mine if Ross, all of a sudden, is
backdating a bunch of intakes by multiple days, then some supervisors
can flag somewhere,

Marcus Morrisey 16:24

and that's, that's what we wanted to go for. Then, yeah,

Ross 16:27

yeah, I think so I think we'll leave it open for professional judgment,
but then we'll keep those timers in place, because, like I said, if Ross
keeps opening and backdating cases and intakes, then his supervisor
should now see if that there's a pattern of either Roc is misusing the
system, doesn't understand and it's entering wrong dates, yeah, or
you're real hard wrong here, and you're too busy to I'm doing busy, or
there's an issue with workflow there, where I'm not doing my job in An
immediate time. Yeah, okay, okay, cool, for now that Ross will get
better at his job. He for sure he's used in all these examples, he's a
really bad worker. So

Marcus Morrisey 17:10

this screen here, yes, all this info, you're still going to need to
upload that intake form to, yeah, yeah, there's yes, there's our
understanding right now is that there's a role that does that like
clerk, so when it's closed and you know, or however it's dealt with, and
that's concluded, and the intake supervisor or director says, yeah, it's
good to go. Then it gets sent as a task to the CPS clerk, which is what
was described, or river rule. And then, yeah, they enter it, and then
they would have to check off on this record that that was done. And then
that closes it. And there's a you'll see a bit down to, similar to
investigation, there's a log so, you know, like, both in the back end,
sense of like, the service keeping track, but there's a visible one that
workers can see, so that you can see, like, oh, this started a day ago,
and then, you know, I sent it in, but I was missing some information, so
you sent it back to me, and each one of those steps will will be logged.
Now this referral source, this is okay. I'll say two things can happen.
I really should have stepped back a moment like most of the things,
we're trying to make it so that in order to do an action, you have to
search first. Where's my search? Oh, actually, no, sorry, I'm thinking
of another screen. But yes, you do have to search. So if you're wanting
to do an intake for a family, you would go through the standard search
interface and you would find that person, and if they were found already
in the system, then their information that we had would be pre loaded
here.

Ross 19:14

If they're not in the system, it prompts us to create that record at
that time, yeah. And

Marcus Morrisey 19:19

so if they're not in the system, then you're going to see this referral
source. You can do a search. So this is assuming you've started an
intake, and you know, you know this person is in the system, or you're
not sure. So all of these fields we've tried to leave pretty open,
because we received feedback that you know, sometimes you don't know
their full name or their phone number or their address, but you know, so
we're trying to, you know, get as much as we can, obviously, but we
don't want you to be not able to do your workflow. That's it. Is
relationship. So anything, I should also say anything with this little
ask. Tricks, because we're thinking about what you have to fill that
field out, is that something that we should have mandatory here at this
very early stage,

Speaker 5 20:12

unknown option in there? Okay, then, yeah, you're gonna have to have to
have something in there.

Marcus Morrisey 20:22

Yeah, we'll make sure there's an unknown

Ross 20:23

to help me understand our referral sources contacting that could be a
neighbor, that could be an anonymous Okay, okay, that's all. Hey, I saw
something on my ring, doorbell, camera, and or assessment of Facebook,
sure. Okay, yeah, that's good to know. I agree. Thank you. That's what I
thought. But I wanted to confirm, yeah, that makes sense to have an
unknown

Marcus Morrisey 20:54

so no one sorry. Go ahead.

Speaker 4 20:57

You want to have that search button under referral source? Do? Source.
Because, like, I like, because there's

Speaker 5 21:08

literally

Ross 21:09

anybody here, yeah, yeah, like, I think that might be a good point. How,

Marcus Morrisey 21:16

how often do you have an intake that's for the same family or person.

Speaker 4 21:21

But when it comes to referral source, your referral source, right? It
might be, you know, six different people, right, right? So it could be
somebody calling, getting a false name, show me your ID when you're
calling, kind of thing. Kind of thing, right? Literally, anybody, yeah,

Marcus Morrisey 21:45

yeah, no, that's good feedback. And so we usually try and show this as
grayed out, where you have to search put a name in. But in this one, the
search is an option, so if you think they might be in the system, okay,
you can search for them if there are, sorry, that's

Marcus Morrisey 22:03

okay.

Ross 22:05

I was just saying, if there are in SARS referral source from Darryl and
Kelvin's perspective and Christina's perspective, is there harm? Maybe
not the right word. But is there a repercussion? If we have an
accidental duplication of referral source somehow, like, maybe we only
got Ross's first name and we didn't do a search, and Ross is already in
the system as referral.

Speaker 4 22:33

Yes and no. So yes, because if you wanted for the nitty gritty side of
things, if somebody's calling, like, just a hypothetical, if Daryl is
calling the agency as a community member 30 times on the same family
over and over and over and over again, yeah, and we see it's actually
the inconsistent problem, and somebody wants to go to the police and
say, this is like harassment. We're doing our due diligence by following
up. But the base case malicious, yeah, technically, law enforcement
requested information from us sure if we have duplication of people or
misinformation. So especially in peg woods, you'll have, like, a bunch
of same players. So it would have to be, you'd have to know for sure.

Ross 23:21

Yeah, that's been kind of, so that's kind of where we're what we're
thinking, I think with the requirement for the search to be used before
you fill anything out, when we do our forms or we're attaching anyone is
it kind of forces the worker to go to what already exists. Because if
you got a call last week from James Smith and filled out their user
profile, and now Darryl got one from the same person this week. We can
attach that referral, or we can say that, hey, this person is on an

Marcus Morrisey 23:51

Ontake tab under their profile that will show

Ross 23:54

they've called it, yeah, so if we just want to, so that's why we're
talking about, should the search field be required here? I'm thinking,
from just a pure like record custodian, that we should force a search
just to confirm whether or not the referral source, if they've provided
us identifying information, is there.

Marcus Morrisey 24:17

And as I said, if you were to launch this from a search, so you're
speaking some on the phone. You look them up on their that intake tab
that I just mentioned, where that shows the record of their in text.
There's also a button that says, like, start an intake on this person,
so that it, as I said, that would load their info there already if we
had it. But yes, that doesn't invalidate your question. I'm just
pointing that out. So I just

Ross 24:38

don't know, I don't want to interrupt your guys work well on intake, but
that's, I think that's where we're coming at it with, wanting to ensure
that the search is required whenever we're trying to look at a person in
the wild. Amount database is reduces duplication of two rosters that are
the same person. Like you said, we're going to have multiple people
with. The same name, things like that. So and there are going to be
cases of referrals with limited information. I take it right, so or
unknown, and that might be a separate conversation for how referral
sources are like, does unknown become a person? And then do we have all
of these? Yeah, no potential intakes attached to that person, unknown.

Marcus Morrisey 25:25

That's a great question, and something we thought about a fair amount,
and what we converged on thinking about, and that's, if you look in the
sort of bottom right hand corner, there's this create limited profile,
because, for exactly the reasons you're talking about, we thought
there's going to be scenarios where we want to capture information about
this person that's persistent over time, and, you know, can be attached,
but we don't want to require workers to, you know, get their birth date
and their social insurance number and, you know, address history. So we
there's sort of three profile types. There's adults, child and limited
information. And that just means that it's going to it actually collects
less information about that individual. So it takes, you know, like,
name, address, phone number, like that basic stuff, and you can make
connections to that person, because we know, like in the genogram, for
example, if you want to connect to a coach, like you're not providing
service to them, you maybe don't need their day of birth and all that
kind of stuff. But if they're gonna, you know, if they're helping out
multiple kids or, sorry, you know, we want them to be able to maybe even
call in and say, like, Hey, I changed my phone number. Can you update my
record? So this, again, set in stone, but we were going to allow that
this could just be information that only lives on this form, so it
essentially isn't a database record. If we think like, this isn't a
person, like you didn't find them in the search, and you think we're not
going to hear from this person, again, from Mexico, but if you were to
click this button, then it would, it would pull this information and
would create a unique record for that person. And you know, the intake
would be attached to it in the same way. So is that something that makes
sense for you? Do you want that option? Or should we like? My concern
would be volume like you probably get a lot of these. So we don't want
to, maybe we don't want to always make new ones, but, and we'll put a
little tool chip, they call it, so like these question Marky things that
will explain what's the function of this thing.

Ross 27:40

So just to recap our discussion here, where did we land with search? Are
we gonna have search the amount you have to do a search. And then, just
to further clarify for my understanding, the information is referral
source will only be saved to this intake unless you select 38 limited
profile or your search and find someone exactly Okay.

Marcus Morrisey 28:17

Otherwise, it's just what it's what's written on this page.

Ross 28:20

Is there an option in the future, then to tie this referral source to
either a limited profile, or would we

Speaker 6 28:28

like you

Marcus Morrisey 28:29

realize, like, oh,

Ross 28:30

this was a known person, or we needed to hold on to

Marcus Morrisey 28:33

this. I hadn't thought of that, but yeah, I mean,

Ross 28:36

maybe because maybe the person on intake has got Ross, and he called
himself something else or used the nickname they're not familiar with.

Marcus Morrisey 28:45

Yeah, there's, there's going to be, have to be some kind of, we

Ross 28:50

don't have to answer that. Now, I just want to pull that out, because
there might be a requirement to allow a supervisor or director to amend
a record. I don't know if everyone should have that permission, but,

Speaker 4 29:04

yeah, authorization to correct it in tape form, the province, right?
Okay, okay, finalized the province. And then they have to go in and
unlock or delete,

Ross 29:22

have to

Ross 29:22

update the module. Okay, yeah, thank you. Because any because this has
to match the module. Has to match this. This has to match the module. So
anything that you would change here would then, okay, yeah, see, I'm
making some light bulb. Yeah, professional,

Speaker 3 29:38

they report like the services, like, is there a type for that, like,
relationship to child and father? Yeah, they're, like a drop down list
for, like, all those non

Marcus Morrisey 29:52

professional there is. And the way we, I'll talk about that relatively,
is we. Wanted to make these automatically link on the other end as well,
so there's sort of like the immediate family you'd expect, and Uncle
partner, some of those things where it's obvious, sort of what the
person's relationship will be to them. And for any other kind of
relationship, we have, right now, we have basically a provider and a
recipient. And you would get much like if you selected other here, you
would get a little box, and you would have to define what those were. So
if it was like a coach, you'd have to say this person is the coach, and
therefore the person I'm linking them to is the football player or
whatever. Yeah, those ones specifically are fillable, because
mathematically, if we the more relationships we add, it's exponential
growth and potential links. So we're trying to think it's like, how can
we make it flexible so that any link can be added, but not have infinite
links? So, yeah, and also, you know, some of the, some of the titles we
might not know, there maybe isn't a standard reciprocal to that, you
know, like Father Son sort of thing. Does that make sense? And we can
also jump to these other things if you want, because we have four our
friends with those two if you want, but continuing with intake. So I
should say, actually, at this point, all of the content below this Save
and Continue button is actually collapsed right now, because we need for
this record to exist in order to do linking and stuff to it, because if
it's not yet saved, then it's not yet in the database. So this is just
sort of an interim step, and that's why this button is here as well,
just so people will see and then this will be collapsed. So these
sections, these little chevrons, they open and close. They all start
open, although you'll see as we go down, some sections are only visible
to certain roles. Okay, so, yeah,

Speaker 4 32:25

yes, well,

Marcus Morrisey 32:31

yes, well, the ones from your your intake documents, and there's a yeah,
there's a bunch of

Ross 32:39

Yeah,

Marcus Morrisey 32:42

yeah. And those will all be available in a drop down. And actually, I
should say that as well. So any drop down, so all these drop downs are
actually what they call combo boxes. So you can either type in it and
it'll search for the thing. So if it's a long list, you can just start
typing some match or you can click on the list. You still have to select
something from the list like you can't type anything you want, but it'll
automatically filter it as you're typing. Okay? And then, if we had to
let that, we have a youth who's ran away from Kenora. Yeah, they run
over here, they run over here, they get the call for out of province CFS
agency or child welfare agency. We don't have that, but if you have any
info for that, we can put it in there

Speaker 4 33:33

out of province called the CFS thing. CFS, and then to update that list,
because much like Ted West, there's gonna be a bunch of other agencies
that have their own legislation that's gonna go live, somebody gets
contact with that confusion and

Ross 33:56

well,

Speaker 5 33:57

we're

Marcus Morrisey 33:57

probably gonna put that into the admin panel, so the sys admin will have
the ability to so, like, there's a few things we have planned for there,
like, your calendar, schedule that we talked about will go in there.
This list will go in there. So it'll essentially just be, like, you can
re upload it, and you know that'll update the list for you. Yeah, so
once you hit save there, then it's a save and continue. So it doesn't
like tended to view form. It's just like, okay, great, you save. Now we
open up the rest of this content

Ross 34:34

on all these forms of their way for it to auto save programs as staff go
through it.

Marcus Morrisey 34:42

There is a way to do that, yep. And I guess we had two thoughts about
that one, yeah. So like anything you type in the fields will stay there,
and it doesn't get fun. Our concern is if it's a long form and you type
something and you actually know. To type over something we wanted to
still be able to reject those changes. Like, if you say, Don't save,
okay, that's

Ross 35:07

fine. I just was,

Marcus Morrisey 35:10

you know, that's just our feeling on usability, you know, if it's like,
we definitely don't want the opposite problem either, where it's like,
you know, fail, right? From

Ross 35:20

a from a development perspective,

Speaker 5 35:22

yeah. So,

Ross 35:22

if we just, if we roll with the Save and Continue during UAT, we find
that, oh, wow, Ross is Ross's team is really struggling with that. Is
there a way to, is it a relatively easy change to implement a Save As

Marcus Morrisey 35:36

Yeah, so, and I should say too, that there's a, you know, for security
reasons, there are timeout windows on this.

Ross 35:42

Okay, perfect.

Marcus Morrisey 35:43

And so you do get notifications as those come up, and if it were to time
out on you, it saves,

Ross 35:49

okay, then never mind. That answers my question more than anything.
Yeah, is Ross has locked his screen to walk away, or his computer for
free, and was in the middle of this, got used the washroom, whatever,

Ross 36:00

for

Marcus Morrisey 36:00

sure. It

Ross 36:01

comes back. It's timed out for security, but it hasn't cost in the last
15 minutes of work.

Marcus Morrisey 36:06

Yeah, in that case, it's going to save it, okay, and you can go back in.
And so, yeah, there's at that point, I think the next step in your
process, if I'm not mistaken, is to determine eligibility. So you know,
is this someone we can provide an intake services to? We've told that
understanding from this table that in your intake manual is this still
and what? One thing I'm not 100% clear on either is, you know, how do we
need to record like these different programs? Does it impact budget?
Does it impact what services they get? Right now, we haven't
differentiated that. It's just like anyone who falls into one of These
categories may have an intake opened.

Speaker 1 37:05

Right? Okay, okay,

Marcus Morrisey 37:32

so then they would just sort of proceed through the intake under the
assumption that that decision makes later, and then forward it to you.
Okay, yeah, that's that's cool too, I guess, yeah. I think it was just
like, oh, wouldn't it be convenient if we knew that information already
from the record, that that would load, and we can still do that. It'll
just be later on.

Ross 37:51

The next step, we could do that for general team to do, like a review.
If wabana already has the information, it still has to either be entered
or reviewed by that supervisor, Darryl, supervisor,

Marcus Morrisey 38:04

and yeah, and that's true here too.

Ross 38:10

Yeah. Let

Marcus Morrisey 38:12

me explain what it does, and then you can tell me whether that's up to
lunch, or if we want to move it down, or if we want to do it
differently. So basically, if one of those conditions is met. So you
know, we have say, Baby Doe as a person, we have a record on them. We
know that their father is a pegus member. Then it's just going to say,
yeah, we can do an intake. And let's see if not, then there's this sort
of override screen. And again, this is, we're just reading through your
policies. It's, and maybe this is something that the supervisor does
then. But there's a, you know, you would refer them to another agency if
they were eligible there. But we also wanted to give the option to be
like, well, you know, just keep going. Proceed with the intake. You have
to put a reason why, and then it would go all intakes go for review to
the supervisor or director. Sorry, but this would just allow the worker
to go bust. So, yeah, that's what we were envisioning. This could go
down in the form, or it could be different we want. And this to your
question earlier, Kelvin, this drop down is where all those service
providers would be. And then this little card, so whoever you select in
the list, it does this. And there's a, supposedly a little printer icon
here, because one of the things it says, just be able to give them a
reference, so it'll pop up their information. You can hit print and hand
that to the person, if you're referring to another agency, but yeah,
like the entire intake process is not but the resolution, the
finalization, doesn't happen until it's sent to the. Supervisor. So with
that in mind, do we want to move this down? Is this something the
supervisor would do or, yeah, yeah for sure. And

Ross 40:26

here Darrell, if it's the same form that after hours uses so and in that
case, then families living in peg list, regardless of status, calling
after hours are eligible for that emergency service. So that's why the
I'm trying to put the pieces together. So, okay, so, so that's where the
worker doesn't really need to care about baby dough, because their job
at this point is to rob the Roth family called at 8pm they need
emergency services. They live on reserves. We're providing them the
services, and the supervisor can then address everything else in the
morning. Okay, okay, perfect.

Marcus Morrisey 41:10

Yeah, absolutely. Does

Ross 41:11

that make sense?

Marcus Morrisey 41:12

Yeah, for sure.

Ross 41:13

Great.

Marcus Morrisey 41:16

Okay, yeah, so, yeah, we can adjust that. No problem here. So the
person's involved. This is, you know, it's just one of the sections on
your forms. So, and I've shown here that again, we're going to have sort
of this little card. So if, for example, up here in the referral, this
person was already in the database, then we know that that's a person
involved, and they're just going to show up here with whatever of this
information that we have, so their name, their relationship, if it
exists, between the person who's the focus of this, their date of birth,
and any contact information,

Ross 41:54

okay, that's good to know. Like I said, it

Speaker 4 41:59

could be somebody like to be a teacher calling, yeah, about a student,
but it takes really all about the students and their family. Okay, the
teacher is just the referral source.

Ross 42:11

Okay. Does the referral source need to be protected?

Speaker 4 42:16

Yes, so we can't. So as a gage, it's like, this is just Yeah, CMS, 101,
and any first referrals always get confidential. So like, we'll have it
in our database. It's going to be, it's on im two for people to see. We
go into a call, like, I feel like, hey, Marcus Ross calling me so that
you're right for sure.

Ross 42:38

So still not necessarily. So now, maybe not listed in persons involved,
but still on the form of the referral source. And then any worker is
okay to do that, because any worker would understand that that's a
confidential

Speaker 4 42:50

exactly okay on there every single time, because we have to call them
back at a later date to get more info. We can. We don't call them back
when update doesn't happen. We just need more. Okay,

Marcus Morrisey 43:04

so yeah, then I guess the only way with this would be pre loaded is if
the actual focus of the intake was already in the database. So you
search for them, you launch the intake based on that person, that maybe
they've had an intake before. Casework. Then, just to save you the need
to look them up again, because you know they're involved, they would go
there. And then you have two ways to add people. One is the same search.
Try and drive people through search. If it's no and you have here, if
you do it, then you'd be making a limited profile, because you're saying
this person is now involved in an intake if they don't exist in the
system, you put some minimum amount of information so you can have and
then they would become a limited profile. The other thing you can do is
to add from their genogram. So I imagine, you know, you might want to
add parents or siblings common. So this will just open up a list of
everyone who's already linked. So if they're in the database already,
and we have their family in there and all those people, this is just a
faster way to add those people. Done, yeah and yeah to your point of
different people, obviously having some more names, that kind of thing.
That's why we tried to show some of this information. But also, if you
click this, I in another browser tab, so it won't close. This won't
bring you out of this context. It'll show you their record. You can also
confirmation that this is the right because you know not all of them are
going to have all of this information to display on this card. It might
just say John Doe order, right? Or this will take you actually into the
edit their record. If you want to update. That's. Also sort of not, not
just a part of this module, but we've been trying to be very to make
people update the person record if it is an address, that sort of thing,
so that we make it easy to get there. But we don't want them like typing
their address on a form if that actually is an update, right? Because
you can just put it in the person and then that'll pull into the form,

Ross 45:23

and that can save an all the change log in history of that. John Doe,
Father, new address. John May 5 by Ross updated the address to one to
four fake Street,

Marcus Morrisey 45:35

exactly. And that is also how we, rather than having like, a toggle of
like, this is my current address, is like, it's the date like, because
if you put a new address, then it's going to close the previous address.
Not that you can't have two addresses, but it'll ask you, when you do
that, it's like, Wait, is this real? Like, you want this to be two
addresses and and they'll confirm that the So, is there an option? Yeah,
let's say the family dynamics changes. A kid. And by not there, you
mean, yeah, and so that's sort of what I was alluding to. Is if you want
to edit something about John Doe, the Father, you would click this, and
it would take you to their record and you would edit it there. So if
they have a new address, or, you know, something you need to note,
because that way, the next time you come to do an intake with that
person, or, you know, they volunteer at a program, then that information
will be updated.

Ross 47:09

Not to be too nitpicky. Here, maybe it's time to be nitpicky. Can we
change those icons to be like a pencil icon or something? Oh,

Marcus Morrisey 47:16

yeah, sure. Yeah. Those are absolutely

Ross 47:18

placeholders

Ross 47:19

that was just checking. Yeah? Because, to me, I get, I'm going to open a
new window. If not, this is an edit button.

Marcus Morrisey 47:25

Yeah, for sure. Yes, sorry, yeah for it's okay. Oh,

Ross 47:29

no. I was

Speaker 5 47:30

just

Marcus Morrisey 47:30

gonna say, for people who haven't done specific, we have a visual
designer who will redo this. This is just my sketching. Essentially,

Ross 47:37

look, it's, it's consistent, which is fine, I just have to make sure
that.

Marcus Morrisey 47:41

No, it's a good

Ross 47:41

I said it because if I'm, if I'm, if my brain doesn't want to edit, I
think a lot of people might

Marcus Morrisey 47:48

not. Yeah, this is the time to do it absolutely. So, yeah. So
essentially, anything you could change on the person record, you could
change it. Are there other situations you're thinking of that where you
want to change something? Games? Thing, particular, results. Oh, yeah,
we can. We can just put a little remove icon there, and it would stay in
the log still, you know, it's like this person's added then taken off.
And it's my understanding that these people wouldn't necessarily have to
be in the same house, right? Like, if the incident involves someone,
whoever, they would also go on the form, right? But yeah, you can
absolutely, yeah, you can absolutely, we can make it so you can remove,
if you

Ross 48:51

like, Okay, you beat me to it. I was just like, you want to force the
log.

Marcus Morrisey 49:02

So maybe I'll, you know, I'm just going to skip ahead a bit, because I
want to show you what we're thinking for the log here. So intake log.
This is a part of every intake, so, like the first one would be, you
know, hey, intake was created. So these are cards in reverse
chronological. So the most recent thing is on top. Tells you know, date,
time this thing happened, who did it, what their role in the
organization was, and what they did, essentially added a note. These
this and these ones would be individual actions. So like, if we started
here, the intake worker started an intake they didn't eligible. The
override. That may not be a feature anymore because we're moving that
eligibility thing down the form, but I believe you were telling me that,
you know, sometimes they need to, like, go gather some more information,
right? So if they now upload some documents and add some information
there, then that gets logged here, and they're sort of in this collapsed
card form, but you can click it and it'll, you know, sort of expand what
they did. So if there was notes added when they added documents, those
notes show up there. If there were any of the intake boxes, like the
actions taken, those get put there, and the notes that they they wrote
there can be viewed there.

Ross 50:42

Darryl, the log is a really, let's be you're brought in to review an
intake. My understanding, the log is kind of where you would start to
see, all right, when was it created? Who created it? Then what? Then,
what did the worker do? Then what steps were taken? And then you'd be
able to also, through that whole intake be like, cool. And then Ross at
this time on this date, this and you would be able to view the documents
that I uploaded, or the notes that

Speaker 5 51:06

I Yeah, so

Ross 51:07

it kind of gives you it to and this is also immutable, right? So this,

Speaker 5 51:11

right?

Ross 51:12

So this is, this is the concrete record that cannot be changed of if you
see Ross, you know, accidentally added the wrong person, you'd see Ross
added person, and then if Ross removed that person, did Ross removed
that person. And then you could be like, Hey, why did you do that, Ross?
And I'd be like, oh, is the wrong person, so I needed to remove them. So
this is

Marcus Morrisey 51:37

just this intake.

Ross 51:38

This is all, this is the this is the concrete record of from open to
close and everything in between of all the actions taken on that on that
intake, there's other places to view documents and things as well. But
this is just kind of the the chronological, or reverse chronological, of
where we stand, and it lets you kind of go to one place to see exactly
who did what on this intake. One

Marcus Morrisey 52:07

additional thing that happens in the log is if the person on Brockman,
so the person who this intake is created for, has had prior intakes or
case history that is in wabanon, then those will show up here as well.
Okay, so, yeah, we were literally, you know, that might matter. You
know, you're trying to decide what to do. You know, you see a pattern of
certain things, or so those will be same idea that, you know. It's just
going to give you a high level summary of what happened. But if you were
to click on this link, this is intake ID. It would take you to another
form like this, but the historical record of a previous intake, for
example. Yeah, so yeah. I just wanted to jump ahead and sort of show
that this is all getting logged. So any of these actions as we go along,
sorry for the fast scrolling.

Ross 53:04

Basically anytime we make a change on this form or making an entry on
this form, save it, it's going to say who the person was that made that
and what, and what they did

Marcus Morrisey 53:12

exactly. So it could be adding more people, to be removing people,

Ross 53:16

adding notes. Yep.

Marcus Morrisey 53:18

Okay. And then so this issue category and narrative, again, very much
from your form. Actually, I wanted to ask about this because they're
sort of laid out in this kind of grid on the form. And I spent some time
being like, how is this organized? Like, if it makes sense to you, I
don't need to understand. But I was like, trying to think of like, is
this and if the answer is, it's just that's how we're familiar with it,
that's fine, too. But I was, I laid it out in exactly the way it was.
And I was like, it's not quite alphabetic. I guess it I guess it is. It
is, yeah, I guess, left, right, yeah, yeah, I guess,

Ross 54:15

and down the road

Speaker 5 54:17

with

Speaker 4 54:20

this material, kind of like

Speaker 5 54:21

when

Speaker 4 54:21

it comes to ask what issue categories, there is

Ross 54:24

way more

Speaker 4 54:24

categories than this. Do you

Speaker 5 54:26

want to see

Speaker 4 54:27

what was put on? Because I know we're using other for certain ones that
actually have issue categories, but other is actually a category in
itself with certain criteria as well. So should we leave updating the
intake form now would be a time we want to so then bottom up and make
that as well. Because, yeah, so I was looking at it the other day, and I
was like, other than certain things.

Marcus Morrisey 55:00

Just

Ross 55:01

since we're talking about categorization, I see some pretty high risk
things, you know, child exploitation, death, things like that. Do we
need to further, like organize them, or just alphabetical and all
inclusive? I

Speaker 4 55:22

I think way it is now, because each of these should also prompt, you
should also have a timeline attached to them, right?

Marcus Morrisey 55:34

Yeah, and these little eyes here are because yeah, and I was thinking
about this, I think they might actually just open the same document,
because they all seem to be in one document, although the document I
have doesn't have all of these. So we'll have to talk about because
you're saying you want to maybe add some and so yeah, now's the time to
sort of talk about that can but yes, it'll open the document so it'll
show them the definition of that thing and the timeframe. And that
timeframe, if they select it, will be baked in already to the intake. So
it sounds like you want to maybe add some here. Yeah,

Speaker 4 56:17

I'll define the documents,

Speaker 5 56:19

breakdown

Speaker 3 56:21

of the furniture. Yeah, I have it here. Child to return home, child
solicitation comments of a child common emotional abuse, after our non
agency, after our other agency, after our own agency, medical mental
health, child mental health of a parent with a child Child, child
neglect, absent child non child welfare, matter, additional support,
caring caregivers, child conflict, physical abuse, sexual abuse,
supervision, voluntary services and notices.

Marcus Morrisey 57:08

So I think also the after hours is captured in the type of intake, but
it still sounds like some of that is not captured here. So, yeah, that's
good. No, what's going to say about this? Yeah, I mean, this is, they're
already building this, but this is relatively easy to expand, because,
again, you just add more names and they the My feeling was, it was it
was in a grid like this so that people could see all of the options that
they have. So we want to keep it like that. I assume, I

Ross 57:48

think so. I think this is relatively user friendly. Darryl, do you
think, as opposed to, like a picture of long drop down list or
something, there are there also the option for multiple selections on
these, right? Yeah. So I think the grid, like, you have it with some
with multiple toggle here shown in blue,

Marcus Morrisey 58:09

yeah. And sorry, the blue is sort of the like, once they click on it,
then that's, you know, it changes color. Or maybe there's some texture.
That's a thing that the designer will finalize, but that's what that's
meant to show. So, like, these white ones haven't been selected. Those
two have. So what

Speaker 3 58:23

about like, a number? Like, issue one, issue two, Issue three, like, is
it going to be like in like order of selection? Which is the more like
the death of a child, whatever? That's like a major issue if you're
doing it like, or is it going to be selected in the order? Like for our
stats,

Marcus Morrisey 58:44

I think, well, two things, it'll probably stay in terms of presentation.
It'll probably just stay in alphabetical order. But for your stats,
yeah, these will have what they call enums, which is just like a code in
the database that is unique, so anytime it shows up somewhere, you can
count it easily. So,

Speaker 7 59:06

yeah. So like, the one that you look like, the user to select first
like, is that going to be like? Shown it

Marcus Morrisey 59:13

would be killed in person.

Speaker 3 59:14

Yeah?

Marcus Morrisey 59:17

Like, which is more important, like? So, yeah, that's

Speaker 4 59:19

part of your process. Yeah. So this is the list every single issue that
exists on the im, okay, so every single one of these gives you your time
frame. So even if you're looking at like chronic of trial, right? 24
hour or you can have five minutes, right? So as long as we have setting
what we need to do in terms of our intake performance, we need to revamp
it to essentially, yeah, because when you're looking at certain you
don't do some of these in the current form, yeah, well, you have. Other
one here, other than catch all, right? Because others literally category
that has gotcha, yep. Other

Marcus Morrisey 1:00:21

Yeah, for sure, there's lots of things we could do. We could have, yeah,
we could have these tiles, and then that triggers a drop down of all the
issues in that list. Or we could even have it open a modal with another
set of tiles, if we want that same sort of wide presentation. And then,
you know, they would then click that too and say, yeah, and then it
would those would be saved together

Ross 1:00:58

from what you had shared there, we've got categories which are
categories, then there's like a subcategory that gets further defined
under there, yeah. And that's exactly what you have to select on intake
module,

Speaker 5 1:01:10

right?

Speaker 4 1:01:11

Yeah. So then we should match that with your intake workers and your
half hours workers. Are they looking at this form to determine so I
think form we'll

Marcus Morrisey 1:01:22

just build it

Speaker 4 1:01:23

in, build it in so they click on, you know, whatever. It's, your vision,
your timeframe, and then that kind of would give you your list of top
priority to Yeah, priority kind of thing, yeah. Are

Ross 1:01:41

there single instances where we would have, let's say, assist with Place
of Safety would be the top category, let's call it. And could I have
multiple instances of subcategories under there on the same intake? So

Ross 1:01:56

you could have multiple different issues

Ross 1:01:59

under the

Ross 1:02:00

same

Ross 1:02:00

off on the same category, but it could be all or or one, yeah, okay, we
got to figure out a way to display that,

Marcus Morrisey 1:02:08

yeah, yeah. There's lots of

Speaker 4 1:02:10

ways. Click on come into trial, which check boxes, yeah,

Ross 1:02:20

yeah. I think checkbox would probably be the most efficient, because
drop downs are going to get tedious for staff. And if Ross is hunting
through all in the check boxes, displays all of the subcategories there.

Marcus Morrisey 1:02:37

Yeah, that, yeah, if you do that, then, then you have to, sort of have,
if we want multiple selection, then you'd have to have little persistent
name, right? So if you select one, it goes underneath. So, you know,
it's selected already,

Speaker 5 1:02:49

yeah?

Marcus Morrisey 1:02:50

But yeah, I can, we can circle back, and sort of, it's definitely
possible to make it, you know, relatively painless and in a way that'll
work for mobile and desktop. Is that sheet, something that's able to be
shared. I will just prop out whatever is not needed, perfect, and I'll
look like I'll save whatever pages, grab it, send it over. Perfect. Work
on, yeah, this is just part of a we

Ross 1:03:23

don't want to send over all that.

Speaker 5 1:03:25

Yeah,

Ross 1:03:25

I love operating on the least amount needed. Okay, great, yeah, so,
yeah, send that over. Yeah, sounds good. Ever breakup, that's really,
that's a really great segue point, because this looks great, and we'll
just add to it so.

Tuesday at 10_36_07 am

Mon, May 11, 2026 2:58PM • 1:27:54

SUMMARY KEYWORDS

intake process, response time, supervisor review, task management,
financial requests, budget tracking, case management, prior contact
check, intake log, action items, risk levels, notification system,
document upload, expense approval, workflow automation

SPEAKERS

Speaker 18, Speaker 3, Speaker 16, Speaker 11, Speaker 7, Speaker 17,
Speaker 12, Speaker 14, Speaker 15, Speaker 9, Speaker 2, Speaker 5,
Speaker 1, Speaker 6, Speaker 8, Speaker 10, Speaker 13, Speaker 19,
Speaker 4

Speaker 1 00:00

Yeah, and especially things like household who they're living with,
like, that's obviously all relevant for those instances, and we wouldn't
want to change it in the past. Okay, yeah, so we'll update these with
that new information. They're required to make a note, you know this
where they would log the incident. So, oh yeah, sorry, thank you. My
first day. No, it worries. So now, in terms of these, recommended
response time is what it says on the form, but it kind of sounds like
it's like there's a minimum set on all of those ones, like those issues.
Do you ever change that? Like, can you increase it? Can you decrease it?
If so, who can do that? You

Speaker 2 01:03

and when it comes to like perfect world, yeah, if we have always issued
categories where everyone has a short spot time, should just populate
under Recommended response, yeah,

Speaker 1 01:18

that's absolutely what we'll do, yeah.

Speaker 3 01:19

But from

Speaker 1 01:21

there, can it be modified? Is my question.

Speaker 2 01:24

Yes. I mean, it can be because, like Ross an example, like, no such
limitation. So somebody says, you know, I was sexually abused 20 years
ago. Yeah, right. And the response time is 48 hours. We're not going to
be going up. No, yeah, 40 years old or whatever. 30 years old, right? I
was

Speaker 1 01:46

thinking more like it selects for you medium risk based on the template
that you have, but given your knowledge of the scenario, you think is
more like do you have that just, does anyone have that discussion to
say, no, no, we got to bump this up. Or is that just something you do by
talking to people, like, should it live on the form? I guess, is my
question. Because if that's not, I think that happens, you know, other
than, like, maybe an admin or something, we'll just take this drop down
box out and it'll be what you said. It'll just show up,

Speaker 2 02:19

yeah, and

Speaker 4 02:19

then populate.

Speaker 5 02:20

Yeah, in the event that we need to override it, does that happen on a
different screen or different menu for supervisor?

Speaker 1 02:33

There's a supervisor section a little bit further today, and if you have
a need for that, we can, we can build in for sure, so we could have it,
yeah, like displays here to the worker and it's just static field. But
maybe if you do want to have that, we can move this down into the
supervisor section. If they want to modify that, something you would
use, bearing in mind that that would modify all their notification,

Speaker 2 03:02

yeah,

Speaker 1 03:03

timing and whatnot.

Speaker 2 03:06

I don't think change.

Speaker 6 03:10

You've gone

Speaker 2 03:12

through issues. You have immediate 24 hours. 24 hours is passed on
updated against all getting probably someone that they'd have, like, or,
yeah, the timer, whatever, yeah, and

Speaker 1 03:32

yeah, I'll talk about that in a minute, because this is all the way up
to this point. This is still just the worker documenting what they've
done or or even working with the person in front of them at the time to
save and then there's going to be a step where they're like, Okay, I'm
ready to send this for review.

Speaker 5 03:47

I looking at this, I don't think there would be a need to override,
because if we're overriding, It either means that we've miscategorized
the intake, or that the intake definition of that category needs to be
updated with a new time. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1 04:11

That's the province that sets those right,

Speaker 2 04:13

yeah. So when it comes to, when it comes to working in the im, somebody
can call and say a bunch of different things, right? Say, like, hey,
much health name, so on, so forth. When it goes on the ion side, when
the status is men, has to go and finalize it. They would have to go in
there and say, valid invalidation.

Speaker 7 04:39

Was it?

Speaker 5 04:45

So then the recommended response time, we can just leave as an Auto Fill
value based on the selecting categories and sub categories. Exactly,
perfect. Yeah. So I can just get rid of this. There's no override. I.

Speaker 1 05:00

Yeah, yeah. So at this point, so, Darryl, you had mentioned that sort
of, this was often like, sort of the initial thing that they do, they
sort of collect all their information, get what they know about, and
then this sort of visual change in color. Again, this is just a mock up
that's, you know, our designer will do something better, sort of just
meant to indicate it's like. So now here's where they start, documenting
the actions that they've taken in response. So again, these, these all
come off of your form, and, oh yeah, maybe that's why I was confused,
because these ones maybe are not alphabetical and again, however,
however makes sense for you. This is how it's presented on the on the
form. So we left it

Speaker 5 05:51

like that.

Speaker 8 05:59

Yeah,

Speaker 5 06:00

reverse alphabetical, starting from the letter M, exactly.

Speaker 1 06:05

Yeah, two steps forward, one step back. Standard algorithm, yeah, okay,
yeah. So we'll do the same as above. It'll be start at the you know,
reading direction for North America, mostly. So left, right, up to
bottom, these ones I don't know, or we don't have, if you do have
definitions for these, are these similar to the ones above, where there
can be subcategories, or are These just the different ones that apply? I
did the they do these correspond to also a surface field?

Speaker 2 07:08

I don't think

Speaker 1 07:08

so. Okay,

Speaker 5 07:09

this part, I

Speaker 6 07:20

this

Speaker 2 07:28

part. Yeah,

Speaker 1 07:34

perfect. And so we talked a little bit about this before this sort of
section. And I was sort of asking, like, So are these harm make
something that's always completed or always and just because I'm just
thinking about, like, what's the most efficient way to represent these?
Like, do we want to drop down because, you know, sometimes some of them
don't apply. Are there some we want to have, you know, front and center,
like these buttons, or, you know, is it enough to say, you know, in the
notes? So here, I'm just specifically talking about these buttons. Here
the service summary buttons.

Speaker 9 08:22

Thank you. Yes,

Speaker 1 08:26

that's closest to what your form is, yeah,

Speaker 4 08:29

and you can click off all three if you want to. Yeah, exactly. And I

Speaker 10 08:36

guess I should have

Speaker 1 08:36

said this, but for all of these other categories, and is this one okay
to have an other. Or is like,

Speaker 6 08:42

or

Speaker 1 08:42

do you want to name it something else, because we, because of the nature
of other above? Yeah. And I was gonna say, like, these text boxes only
up here if they select that, right, so they'll see other. And then if
they click it, then that'll show up, and the little then they'll be
mandatory. You can't just say other and not say what you mean by that.
And similarly, here so was any harm or danger validated. If you say yes,
then this box will appear, and you must fill it out saying you know
what, it was an issue. But if you say no, then this text box doesn't you
don't even see it. Same with this. Are you certain that children are
safe? If say yes or sorry, if you say no, you have to explain, yes,
it'll just move on. These are required notes, just to overall summary of
the actions you've taken. These are read only fields. We don't
necessarily have to have them here, but they get logged anyway. So like,
the date when it happened, who did it, what their role is, so that we
can put that in the log. And here's where the task management part of
it. Starts. So I'm the worker. I've done some things, I've taken some
actions, I've logged what I did, and now I'm going to hit Save and Send
supervisor. So it's going to open up this modal, so it's a essentially,
this is going to assign a task to the supervisor to review it, and see
it has a task type. I think at this point, our thinking was like, this
is just, there's an intake for review, so this task would be static.
Anytime you hit this, it's sending it to your supervisor saying you need
to review this. This is just a way to go directly to that intake record,
because you might be viewing this in your dashboard or as a notification
somewhere else. So that's just a quick way to get there. This is your
timer. It starts counting when you set the risk level and save it,
because that's when we know how long it's supposed to take. This I
wanted to ask you about so I was thinking it would be just assigned to
whoever your supervisor is, like who your direct report is. But is there
ever a case where a worker needs to change that

Speaker 2 11:13

medical leave or whatever? Or whatever,

Speaker 1 11:23

right?

Speaker 5 11:24

But we have coverage is built in on

Speaker 1 11:30

we probably what we don't have, like schedules, but we do have, we were
thinking of building is like, so if you're the like, if an intake
belongs to you and you're gonna be on holidays, then you need to
transfer it to someone, essentially, or, I guess it's more like a case.
So I would think that if you have a team that works for you need to,
sort of like, tag somebody, but again, to our organization. But that was
our thinking is like, if you go on holiday in the app, you have to say
like so and so is me while I'm gone, essentially so that whoever
reported to them would then that it would get routed to you

Speaker 2 12:10

under the assigned to supervisor. We prefer to see just a drop down of
caller supervisors on there, because two little supervisors. That were
there on shift out there would be like after hours, right? Because not
everyone would have the same supervisor, the same supervisor on shift,
so operating knowledge that students

Speaker 1 12:34

are okay, The intakes. Were you able to follow up? The response? Okay,
okay, so it's not like I'm on Kelvin's team, so my intakes always go to
Calvin. It's like, it's like a queue, essentially. And the supervisors
themselves manage that. They grab the test on, okay.

Speaker 11 13:27

I mean, can we build do we need?

Speaker 6 13:30

Is

Speaker 5 13:30

there ever a case where we need to have like an auto assigned, like an
auto assignment at this stage, or should these intake tasks go to, like
A queue for the supervisors to simply receive them as intervention.
Okay, okay, so then maybe we remove the assigned to at this stage, and
it can go to a task queue that all the supervisors have access to, and
then it drops the supervisors on holiday while I'm not claiming any
queues, or claiming any of those tasks out of queue, or things like
that. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1 14:26

And so if a task in that queue is aging out like it's approaching its
time, who should get prompted? Do

Speaker 5 14:36

we want to prompt to go to all of the supervisors as well, or just to
you Daryl, for you to go to you to go poke people and yourself.

Speaker 1 14:47

So would you be in that you're in that queue with the supervisors as
well? Or is it only if it's sort of not addressed, and I'm. Guessing
from our conversation so far that we don't really want this priority
thing. It just adds noise, I would imagine, because, you know, they all
have a regimented time, but I wasn't sure if that's something you put
this up to you, we should have it okay. And high, medium low is okay,
okay. And our thinking right now is that these are like, they're not.
They're just an alert to the person receiving the test. So they don't
impact timelines. They don't. You know, a high priority warning is no
different than low, except that if there's a question about how it might
sort in a list, for example, it would go higher.

Speaker 5 15:38

So again, going back to kind of, let's say we've got one supervisor on
shift, and we've got five new intakes, and one happened to get flagged
as high priority that supervisor. We want to look at that high priority
one first,

Speaker 1 15:49

right? And it sort of sounds like I probably don't need this either.
Like the due date is going to be set by whatever those timelines are. So
that'll just show up. Like, due date will be shown, but it won't be
selectable. It'll just be like, here's the due date. This the task
details and description. If you're doing this for the first time, it's
just going to pull out whatever you wrote here under your notes, just so
you don't have to type it again, so it'll just show up there. You can
still edit it. So if you don't want to put the whole notes, or you want
to delete it and start over, you can do that. But would that be a
valuable time saver for you?

Speaker 6 16:34

Question?

Speaker 1 16:38

Yes.

Speaker 5 16:38

Sorry, the notes field there is basically not here, sorry, on the main
intake form. That Notes field is that like the actions that have been
taken. So then where does this field on the assignment end up? So let's
say I've done like and Darryl. How many notes generally, is it like a
long paragraph or a series of paragraphs? Or would these notes generally
be really short? Or could it be, you know, somewhere between all of the
above. So it could be something simple. It could be something that's a
big list. So then, when we go over to do the submission, and my blood
and Ross's block of text, is there probably, is that display? Then, is
that going to display like summary in the in the queue, or

Speaker 1 17:25

Yeah. So yeah, there'll be like a view surface for this task. We'll put,
like a limit on how much will fit in that. So we'll just put ellipses,
and then this intake ID link will take you back. So the intake just,
yeah,

Speaker 6 17:40

is that if Ross

Speaker 5 17:41

is consistently taking very diligent notes and has paragraphs of text
there, that it bumps Calvin's very succinct notes out of whack when
they're if we're just talking, we're just using this as like a preview
field, almost for the task.

Speaker 1 17:58

Yeah? And yeah, we would just okay, chop it cool. And don't think we
need this status signed now either, because we're putting it in a queue.
So it's not, in fact, assigned to anyone at that point. Yeah, so then
there would be you can either cancel this or create the task, and then
that's going to send to the queue, and also start the timer. And we have
some timeframe setup so before it expires, people will get a
notification. So you can hopefully maintain your your timelines, but
also, if it goes over, then it also sends another notification. Our
thinking is it should keep doing that, you know, not necessarily, like
every 10 minutes, but until it's dealt with. Would you agree? Or

Speaker 5 18:56

so, I may use some technical terms, then technical get out of here. So
SLAs service level agreements, basically, it's like we declared timer.
We got 24 hours to resolve this when we're in breach of that, meaning
the desire to action has not been taken in that amount of time. How
often and what kind of notifications Do you guys want to see who should
it go to? So it's going to it's going to change, depending, you know, on
what the severity of the of the breach is. But how often do you want to
be notified? Who should be notified and what type of notification?

Speaker 6 19:38

Yeah, so I'm

Speaker 1 19:40

just going to go back up for a second just to these different risk
levels, right? Because, just to tell you a little bit about, you know,
for high risk, we're going to, you know, obviously, do it not halfway
through, but, you know, our six to eight hours before it expires again,
when it expires, and then, like. And then after. So again, we get one as
we're approaching our expiration. Yeah, expiration. And then further,
yeah, alerts after. And I'm and

Speaker 6 20:10

I'm

Speaker 1 20:11

not saying this is how it has to be. I'm just saying this is how we are
initially thinking of it. Same thing, medium risk, you know. So in that
first day, maybe you don't get an alert as you move into that second day
you get an alert when you're closer to the time again, when it happens
and then on some repeating sequence. Non child welfare, maybe there
aren't alerts because they don't technically have a timeframe, so they
would stay on the dashboard. And none of these tasks are resolved until
someone goes in and says, Yep, I've done this thing. It's logged, it's
done. But anyway, yeah, this is exactly what Ross is saying, like this
is about your process. So if you have specific intervals you want, you
can let us know. If not, we'll use our best judgment, and it seems
reasonable. Thank about six or eight hours before it expires. And I
should note that we learned in the abuse module that these are business
hours, right? So if it comes in Friday night, it's not going to, like,
count the weekend in that timer, or also your we're going to load your
holiday schedule as well, right? So the timer doesn't stop, but it
pauses and then starts again. You know, yeah, you don't. You can think
about that. You don't have to, like, tell me exactly what you want right
now, but we'll just sort of make some recommendations. You can. We can
adjust them if we need, okay, so just going back to this thing. So yeah,
that goes into the queue. We're gonna take some of these things out this
portion, the log and the attached document. So if we ever attach
documents here, this is just a place where you can see them all together
at once. You'll see your document name. If we had types, it would show
up here. You can click this little the magnifying glass and a thing to
just get a quick preview of it. Or you can remove the document here and
again that would still be logged that you got rid of it. You now the
next part of this is, this is the supervisor recommendations and review.
So this only appears for supervisors or or above, I suppose so directors
and supervisors. And again, this is just closely modeled off here your
paper form. So I've sent a task, it goes in the queue, a supervisor
picks it up, and now they're going to have these options again. These
are like, I don't know if these are just the way you had it on paper, or
if these are special ones that you want to have broken out like this,
but as was thinking before we come down to these is there's essentially
a few things that can happen when you first come to it's going to say
pending, so like the work has sent it to you, you haven't yet looked at
it. That's a status that it's just in there waiting for you to make a
decision. If you say additional information or assessment required,
we're assuming that by default, you want to send that back to the worker
as a task. So if you were to select that, that would pop up a similar
sort of intake task, and it would say further information or something,
you'd have the same option to do a priority it would be assigned to that
worker. Do you again? When we talked about the abuse module, you talked
about these timers sort of flipping over, essentially. So if you had a
24 hour and then the supervisor looks at it, you want to restart that is
that similar here?

Speaker 10 24:26

Yeah,

Speaker 1 24:29

do you want them to have another timeline added there? Or do, or do we
want that same timer running the whole time? Am for sure, and with that,
adjust. Moment. So this would be a due date that would apply to the
individual that this was sent back to. Do you want that to impact the
timer? You know in terms of like, this is a high risk, should that still
keep running as is okay? So someone I do an intake. It takes me eight
hours. Let's say it's high risk. It takes me eight hours because I'm out
in the field. I come back. It goes to you. You maybe don't see it till
next morning. So let's say 12 hours comes back to me, and I essentially
still, you can give me a timeline, like, have this done in the next four
hours, or whatever, but that 12 hours is still running in the
background. Okay, perfect. So let me make sure how this, you know? Yeah,
it was clear what we're talking about. So yeah, when you say that, then
that's going to go back. The worker gets an alert and they can come back
to this record again and use that same sort of interface here about
actions they took to log new actions. So, oh, now I did a harm matrix.
Now here's my notes. I added some documents, and they can again, they
can send that back to you. And that could you know as many times as that
might happen in your workflow, that can happen and that just goes into
the intake log. So that's one of the options you can select. There
further prevention services may be required transfers. I'm assuming this
means that you're going to try and open a case for them, like an ongoing
services case. Is that accurate? So I don't know a lot about who an
assessment worker would be, but it sounded like, essentially, who does
this get sent to? If it's like, yeah, we need to open a case. Or is that
also a cue? Or does it be the so, to select who it goes to. So, okay, so
like the intake supervisors themselves, will do the determination of
whether a case file needs to be opened. Okay, yeah, okay. And they would
work with someone, though, on that, yeah, the intake worker is assigned.
Oh, so the intake worker and the supervisor you're saying would work
together to formulate that plan. Okay, I'm going to skip to the last one
here. No further service. So essentially, we did the things we needed.
We provided the help they needed. This is done that can close in intake.
I did want to ask about multiple intakes. Is it ever possible for the
same individual to have multiple intakes open at the same time. Yeah,
that does happen. Okay?

Speaker 2 28:26

Not happen because sometimes the clerks take a little bit of time, two
or three, or sometimes, if these teams still have to have an open intake
too, sure, there might be. And some

Speaker 12 28:39

of them are 10 days, similar, 24, three, different things, yeah. Another
example would be calls during The day. Yeah, yeah. It

Speaker 1 29:22

so is there ever a case where, you know, they open an intake, they're
speaking with their supervisor, and they come back in the meantime, and
they would, they put it on that same like, the family comes back, or
they make a determination in like two hours, then come back. So that
would stay in the same form. But another emergency happened, it's
totally possible that they could open another one. Okay, okay, yeah,
that's good to know, because I think we had our thinking was there would
be only one at a time, but that's would you want it? To warn people, so
if they come in, they search for a person and. To go to make an intake
would you want like a puppet says, Hey, intake number, yada yada yada is
open, and give them the option to sort of continue with that one. Yeah,
okay, but they should still have the option to make a new one. Okay.
Also, there is in the case where sorry cases, when someone comes and
they have an open, ongoing services case, like child care, whatever the
case may be, those intakes are supposed to be directed to the worker,
right? Like the case worker, yeah. And so, yeah, I just maybe talk me
through that process, because I read through the manual, and I think I
understand it, but I want to make sure it's actually how you do it. So
so it assuming in wabanong, they type it in, it's going to show when
they try to do an intake, it'll tell them whether they have an open case
or an open intake, you'll be like, hey, this person has an open intake.
What would you do at that point? Like, do you phone them? Do you email
them? Yeah, be. So you would Okay, so that intake essentially, then we
might want to actually link it with that case then so that it would be
part of the history. So yeah, the way the manual was written, or at
least the way I read it, it sounded like maybe they might try and just
be like, hey, you know that person's here at their desk. Does that ever
happen where it's like you just go talk to them? Or is it always like we
would have to complete the intake, right? Perfect. Are there other
things also? The recommendation, I think, is just sort of how it was on
your form. Is that how you think of it? Like this is what the supervisor
is recommending be done. But just like, is this the right title for this
box? Like, this is their recommendation? Or it seems like they're sort
of deciding what's happened, right? Like this is either closed, this is
either closed or not, but recommendations what it says on your form. So
I'm not trying to, I'm just trying to make sure that that makes sense.

Speaker 5 32:51

Perfect. I think that also mimics, yeah, perfect. And sorry. I'm gonna
say completely here. I'm just replying to Christine Peters to say, like,
Hey, we're not going to do the Ice fusion meeting that I see fusion.
We're shifted weekly to Governor Madison, and if we want to do a overall
review the next time. So for an overall review with Clemen would be next
Tuesday afternoon, Lisa, next Tuesday morning. So, yeah, I mean,

Speaker 1 33:30

there's definitely a few things where we want to touch base on, you
know, like, oh, we talked about this. Scope, scope, scope, scope, just
make sure we're on the same page. And maybe schedule two could be,

Speaker 5 33:38

yeah, that would be appropriate next for next for next Tuesday afternoon
time to get all that in a room and come back and review. But I just
wanted to throw it out there that kind of like we had said the in person
ID fusion meetings were set just before we decided to hear weekly. Yeah,
originally they were going to be bi weekly with some follow ups. But I
think that makes the most sense. People here will get an email. Just
awesome. Thank you. So if I'm the worker and Darryl, you're my
supervisor, we work together, we talk about the intake, and we decide
that it needs to be an ongoing service case. What happens next? Like,
who do I send it to? Or, like, what's, what's the process? Okay, so,
but,

Speaker 1 34:30

okay, so first, first part of review is supervisor and worker, and then
they come to a consensus. They send that to you, and you make the call
or your after hours counterpart, same. Okay, so really then, if I'm
understanding correctly,

Speaker 6 34:59

you.

Speaker 1 35:00

This is a recommendation, and there's another step after this, where it
goes to you, and then what are your options at that point? Board. Okay,
and then, so let's say we did that. You agreed that the case was made.
How do you pass the torch to that team? Like, do they have a queue? Do
you talk to someone? Is there Someone who does that assignment

Speaker 12 35:40

and then

Speaker 1 36:13

Okay, so in this system, it should flag the Chief Operating Officer,
like, once that you've approved it, like, yeah, we need to move this to
the next stage, and then you two will meet or do whatever needs to
happen there. Okay, perfect, yeah, so I'm glad you mentioned that prior
contact check, because I wasn't sure where this happened in the process
or what exactly it was. But once, okay, maybe I'll clarify this for me
too. So if you've decided yes, this intake needs to be escalated into a
case, I've sent it to Kelvin, does that mean that the intake itself is
now complete? Now Open File, okay, but even before you started a case
file, yeah, okay, that's, that's one and so that would it be the same
form, you just have different information you put on

Speaker 13 37:32

it. Okay? So

Speaker 1 37:35

one of the things, maybe I'm just going to go back up to the header
here. So one of the things we're trying to help do is, you know,
maintain, sort of like a chain of connection, right? So, you know, this
is the intake ID. If there was a case created from this, then we would
link those two. Would we want to have three records where it's like, so
intake to is going to be escalated to a case, and then we open another
intake, they'll stay linked, and then that second intake links to the
case. Or do we want to, or does it make sense to do it as like, a
section of this intake where it's like the next like, not just a
supervisor section, but a director section. Maybe I

Speaker 6 38:20

just

Speaker 5 38:22

keep in mind that the actual assessment, yeah, yeah, that would be
addressed the actual documents or information. Information, perfect. So
I get it. So my thought here, what triggers that next form? Is it a
close? Would we like close intake case to be opened, or case required
opening. And is that something that we want to flag it at the closure of
an intake to them to then prompt, okay, well, because we did that, now
we start the new intake immediately there to open the case.

Speaker 1 39:21

And does that also get logged in the intake module? There's

Speaker 2 39:28

anything

Speaker 5 39:30

like that? All, okay, so it's just a internal process, yeah, so this
would just be continuity for us internally to be like, cool. This was,
this was the first. This is. A preliminary intake that caused us to
determine that ongoing supports are needed, and then there's a second
intake for those ongoing services and to open the case.

Speaker 1 40:18

And I gather you have a clerk, then that is going to be responsible. And
here be the same idea. If you close an intake so say, Yeah, whatever the
outcome is, it's completed and it's going to case, or it's completed and
it's not going to case, then it should send tasks to the administration
person so that they can go on CFAs And enter all the appropriate
information. Yeah, That's right. You

Speaker 12 41:00

work, necessarily, right right? Yeah, sorry for the quick scroll here.
Okay,

Speaker 5 41:46

so at the top there, like where it says maybe,

Speaker 1 41:48

so I think that's what. Again, this is the wording from your former so
this would be like a referral on an existing case you need something
like that, and there it could be a different agency and worker. Yeah,
and is it true that you wouldn't use this for Peguis case this section,
you still would. So it's, they had an existing case, and it was at
pegus, you would, you would fill it in here. Okay,

Speaker 5 42:19

so it's a referral into the non existent case, case managing agency,
PCFs,

Speaker 6 42:25

yeah,

Speaker 5 42:26

go from there. Okay,

Speaker 1 42:27

cool. And yeah, in terms of, yeah, knowing, like, if it exists in the
database that we have, then it's going to prompt them, but yeah, you're
right. Like they would have to speak with the people, if it's from from
somewhere else, and that that's where that would get, is that all the
information you need, one thing I like, again, if this is what you use,
is what you use. But like, the service worker doesn't have, like, any
contact info. But maybe that's maybe they reached out to you already.
Okay, yeah, I'm not sure how that happens. Okay, okay, yep, and yeah. So
for this, these are radio buttons, so you can only select one of these
two options. It's either a new referral or and then you would specify
here in this drop down what

Speaker 6 43:34

type

Speaker 1 43:35

of existence. But if there's more options that we want here, then we
definitely want to add those

Speaker 5 43:41

right now, it's child and care protection, case family enhancement or
other. Yeah, there's more. Can we? Can we get that list? Because then
we'll make sure those all get included, so that your staff have every
option.

Speaker 1 43:55

Yeah, for sure.

Speaker 5 43:58

Would you see Darrell under other would would they need to then further
specify a type of case, or would we leave it as other to be sorted by?
These are all the other cases.

Speaker 12 44:14

Yeah. Capture with whether they are specifically Manitoba CFS files, or
we will have cases that I their Sure, right? So would we.

Speaker 1 45:00

Want to put look specifically then other open file, like, just to make
it specific that it's, it's a file we just don't know what it is. Yeah,
yeah, absolutely. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Perfect again, just for the sort of
user experience, if they haven't clicked this radio button and like,
they don't actually see any of these, they don't need to fill them out,
so that way they're not wondering, oh, do I have to put anything there?
It only shows up once they produce

Speaker 5 45:44

this noise on the form, right? Because we're still in the edit.

Speaker 1 45:47

We're still in added, yeah, we're

Speaker 5 45:49

seeing all the fields that

Speaker 1 45:51

you

Speaker 5 45:51

could possibly see. But when Ross the workers going through this, he'll
only really see the form the fields that he needs

Speaker 1 45:58

to Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 8 46:00

So yeah, then,

Speaker 1 46:06

yeah, tell me a bit more about this. This is a thing that it said on
your form, prior contact, check completed, yeah, yeah. And I think like
this section again would only be like the intake workers wouldn't even
see it because it's not relevant for them. Maybe supervisors would just
so they could know that it's, you know, wrapped up.

Speaker 5 46:33

Does Darryl help me with this one? Is a prior contact check always
required. You against what happens is that when this information
accepted, there's an option, okay? So is does this task of doing the
prior contact check? Does this need to happen before anything else? Or
does this need to happen? Like, does this hold anything up from
happening? Does this prevent anything from happening. Yeah. Okay, so
they can't really mark that it's been entered into CSIS unless they've
done the prior contact checks. Okay, but they

Speaker 14 47:50

wouldn't

Speaker 1 47:50

even see that until you closed it in some way, because they don't know
about the end result, right? Okay, right. There will be cases where
emergencies arise, yeah, yeah. Yeah, and so also here, I assume that
Steve says gives them a unique number, right? So this is where they
would enter that number, if it's not already entered. And this is a new
intake so that that now becomes a link to this forevermore sort of
thing. And then it sounds like at this point, then like so once an
administration has done the job, then it's truly done. There's also
going to be

Speaker 12 48:54

instances where an intake

Speaker 1 48:56

worker will actually start for me. This information in the module, yeah.
Like earlier on, yep, so yeah, when, when in the process, do we want
that? And we can also very beginning, like right tippy top here. Yeah,
okay, perfect, and then we can have it so if it gets filled in at the
top, then it'll just be displayed at the bottom like it don't. They
won't need to enter it again. It'll just show them what it is, because
it's already attached. Okay, perfect. Okay, any questions? I. Gonna pop
over to the view part of it, if you want. But first, before we move on
to that, okay, so let's go over. Oh yeah, they changed the UI so once
you hit save and close, for example, or you're coming back to a record
that already exists, and apologies again for the fast scrolling, then
you're going to see this. So it's laid out in much the same way like
especially this header sort of stays the same. You can still upload
documents and attachments without having to open up the edit screen
again, and you can also print it. And so from here, you can print out an
intake form. And our thinking was just exactly how your paper form is.
It would fill that out for you if that's useful, or you can have it
print a blank intake form if you need to take it somewhere and do an
intake, when would we use? When do we use printed forms? Okay, I would
say then too, and we, when we have that print filled out, maybe we can
just review any sensitive data fields to make sure that

Speaker 5 51:30

sensitive data fields either aren't printed or are protected. I I'll
defer to you what we would want to see on those forms, but I'm just
thinking with like, the intake farms got some pretty sensitive info on
it. But I think also they're printing it out. They want absolutely to
have a history what's previously happened? Yeah, so there wouldn't be
redacting any information

Speaker 1 52:00

as part of their confidential files, bring

Speaker 2 52:02

this with me. Oh, okay, okay, gotcha Okay,

Speaker 5 52:11

nope, that makes sense. Then okay. I was just curious, so I appreciate,

Speaker 2 52:16

yeah, otherwise,

Speaker 5 52:17

you know, you guys know me and my what's, what's on that piece of paper.
That's, yeah,

Speaker 6 52:22

that

Speaker 5 52:23

makes sense, that they're using it in the field, and we already have
those policies and controls in place. It's like, and then Ross, when
you're done with you come back and shred it appropriate

Speaker 2 52:33

to in case, back to that. Okay, so they were the first one they forget.
Next one

Speaker 5 52:40

makes sense. And we're in some areas where there's literally no
reception to even use this mobily to look at the even if, even if
everything worked perfectly on mobile device or are on iPad or whatever,
if we're in a dead zone, we're in a dead zone, yeah, we're not going to
be able to pull that information. Okay, I appreciate that insight. That
makes sense.

Speaker 1 53:02

Maybe, actually, this is a place to ask them to when they transfer the
information into CSIS. Are they just copy pasting right now? Like, are
they typing, retyping it? Bit of both. I

Speaker 2 53:25

copy and paste from any documents. These are quotes, oh, it doesn't
allow this. It gives you random

Speaker 5 53:42

okay. Is that some kind of character encoding probably address with our
copy button. If we can

Speaker 2 53:51

find where do we want to just leave it manual, because as soon as you
you know right in there. You know, they said they touched me, kind of
thing. You have to have a quotation in

Speaker 6 54:08

there,

Speaker 5 54:08

right? How would you do a quotation?

Speaker 2 54:10

So if you copy and paste it, it'll give you the similar character. You
can just backspace, Backspace, and then put in a quotation. Oh, okay, so
it'd be the copy and pasting,

Speaker 5 54:22

right? But for copy and pasting, we kind of want to leave those non
supported characters in, because that reminds Ross the worker, that
okay, I need to go here and actually put this thesis compatible edit in.
Okay,

Speaker 1 54:35

right? Yeah, sounds to me like a character encoding issue. If we knew
how they were encoding it, maybe anyway.

Speaker 5 54:43

I think I'm sure they're not going

Speaker 1 54:44

to talk to us about it if

Speaker 5 54:46

we already, yeah, we already have a process, and there's and like I
said, we can use the broken characters as the field pointer of app. You
need to exactly. It's kind of my visual. Under the other was a special
character. I need to make sure it's there.

Speaker 1 55:02

It's worth putting on the future roadmap, though, because it literally
might be just like, Oh, they're using UTF 16, and if we convert it to
UTF 16, then your pace is perfect. I don't know that that'll be that
simple, and it almost never is. But

Speaker 6 55:16

of

Speaker 5 55:16

roadmap, I think that's going to be one of those quality of life things
that we've got a we've got a solution. It won't be any worse than what
we're doing right now, and roadmap quality of life in the future would
be nice.

Speaker 1 55:27

Yeah. And then so here again, if this is not yet closed, you know this
timer is going to show up at the top still. And this is really just all
that information we went through, but in a view only form right now,
right? So it sort of says, what were the issues that they actually
selected? What did they write about it? What is the recommended
response, any documents that were attached our intake log, this will
allow you to filter. So if you want to see the oldest or the newest, or,
you know, by by name, you can do that. And then the resolution of it is
going to be just whatever is the most recent thing, and we're thinking
we would color it right, because this is, like, the green one is like we
finished it, and here it was entered into thesis. Do we want that
information? Is that fine for how it shows up? Or do you want that,
like, right at the top, what happened with closed ones, that kind of
thing? Okay? And then, yeah, here it would say, you know, the date that
this happened, they did their prior contact, check that's completed, and
see this enter that date, And then this would be a complete intake fire

Speaker 2 56:58

contact. Well.

Speaker 1 57:08

And then there will be at the very top here, this status will say, like
closed, you know, if everything is done and completed. So they they can
check that date if they want, but they know it's done, because intake
isn't done until that is complete. Can't

Speaker 5 57:24

be closed until the site number right entered with the

Speaker 1 57:31

Exactly, okay, so concluded

Speaker 2 57:39

open or status would be taken clear. Doesn't mean,

Speaker 1 57:43

okay, so either open or intake included, nothing in between those
perfect so on. Like,

Speaker 14 57:56

yeah,

Speaker 1 57:58

so that's we would have, I didn't know, like, how what they look like
with their letters, numbers, whatever, but yeah, this would be the the
unique number that you get out of the intake module, if it's already
there.

Speaker 2 58:11

Yeah.

Speaker 9 58:15

Okay, awesome. Write that right in there.

Speaker 1 58:24

So then, do we want it so that that PC FS is just like there, so you
don't have to type it, yeah, type the number, yeah, yeah. This is a
little and also that it's easy to do, make sure taste the same and
there'd be no dash, no dash. Okay, is there a space or no? It's just
like that. Okay, perfect. All right. Other things I wanted to say about
intake, chat, multiple maybe I'll open up some questions, but I think
that's most of what we were going to show you. Oh, I remember what I
wanted to say. So this is now complete. There is a tab under every
person record that just says intake and case management, which is like a
historical log of any cases or intakes that they've been involved in. So
if I'm, you know, pulling up baby DOE's file. I can go to that tab, and
it'll show me just, like a just like the link and the name, the date,
that kind of thing, so that I can see that pattern. And I can also click
on any of them, and that'll take me to that record if I want to, like,
they've had like, eight in the last week, or whatever. What's going on?
I can see what they're all about, right? Yeah.

Speaker 2 1:00:00

Maybe don't see all babies intakes that they're attached to. Does it
say? Will it say the case preference? Yes, yeah. They're gonna be like,
hey, there's mom who called in claiming this baby, and dad calling the
next day, paying baby,

Speaker 6 1:00:19

yeah.

Speaker 1 1:00:19

And then that also so anyone who's entered as a person on that like
it'll will know who is the focus of it, but it also shows up in everyone
else's record. So if I'm the baby, yes, it's under my tab, but it's also
under the moms, if she was in that incidence as well, or whatever that
case, let's say

Speaker 5 1:00:42

just I don't understand this. So yeah, let's pretend I don't understand
this. Guys. Come on, not that hard. If mom opens for baby dough and they
live in their own household, and did that show up? If we search dad,
because dad's attached to baby dough, would we see that intake, even
though maybe dad's over here incarcerated, or something,

Speaker 1 1:01:10

you would see so households are different than attaching to intakes,
unless you tell me that they aren't. So households are we determined
based on who's literally living in the same home and has some kind of
parenting or child relationship?

Speaker 5 1:01:25

Yeah, so maybe I'm thinking about like a genogram relationship here to
where we we know Baby Doe. We know who mom is. We know who dad is. Mom
opens an intake for Baby Doe. Does that reflect it on dad's record that
Baby Doe has an open intake. Or do we have to then maybe I'm
overconfident. Maybe we see baby dole under dad as the relationship. We
click on baby doll and now we see baby dose.

Speaker 1 1:01:51

Yeah. So I would think that we would only do that like they would have
to have added that in the people involved, okay. I mean, because they
have a parenting relationship, doesn't mean they were necessarily
involved in the mean they were necessarily involved in that instance, or
whatever the thing they were talking about. Or maybe, no, I was trying
to think like Calvin situation where, yeah, it's opening

Speaker 2 1:02:10

one the next day, you know? Yeah. So, oh, I got you. I keep

Speaker 1 1:02:27

changing. So as long as this named by anybody, in case where they I
think they call it the case reference is that also what you would call
the person who is the focus of the intake. Yeah, yeah, so that's another
way you can explore it takes. The other way that you'll interact with
these is through dashboards. So you're the director, we're going to have
a queue that goes to so you'll have a dashboard that shows you which of
your supervisors have what caseload, essentially, and potentially their
team as well. The supervisor will come in and they'll be able to see
which of the cases they have personally and what they'll be connected to
the workers that way. Workers will have a dashboard when they come in.
It'll just be the ones that they're involved in. So you and that'll be
on the sort of front page when you land. So sort those by priority level
and time lapse on that timer, so that when I walk in the door and I'm
like, Oh, what am I doing today? It's Monday, not like you'd really
forget, but you know what I mean, it's like front and center for you. So
it's like one point of contact where you can go and see, like, what are
all the things that I might have to do? So that's another way that those
that's where those tasks are going to live until they're resolved. Well,
I'm glad to hear, because we're already building it doesn't mean you
can't change

Speaker 2 1:04:03

other intakes, yes, because when it comes to abuse, yeah, you have to
also open up intake as well. With those then show up as well under,

Speaker 1 1:04:17

yeah. So same, same idea with if, if an intake leads to a case, then we
keep those links together. And likewise, if an intake leads to an abuse
investigation, then that intake is going to be the links to that as
well. So the first study will change

Speaker 2 1:04:31

Baby Doe,

Speaker 1 1:04:36

yeah, it'll show up. And actually, I think maybe we showed it a little
bit, or try to with this picture, do a super great job, but they'll not
only show up, but like if they're if one of them led to the other,
because I assume there could be multiple intakes, not all of them lead
to a case, not all of them lead to an investigation. Then you. Were sort
of toying around, maybe having a box around them, or some kind of
linking symbol, just so know that, like that's the one that led to this
one. And those numbers, those ID numbers, will always be available to
click on that one, right? So you can go back in the chain of events, or
forward if you're looking there. So that's these links in that way, you

Speaker 2 1:05:21

probably won't have to overcomplicate it by having like this tape led to
this referral, no, because they're going to have the exact same date,
right? So, but

Speaker 1 1:05:36

it is possible to have multiples opened on the same day, which is maybe

Speaker 2 1:05:42

one there wouldn't, there wouldn't be a time where there could be three
takes on a person open in a day. Would be too if anything. So it'd be
the calling to the agency, Kate, might you know, and then we get the
referral, and then we have to put it onto that. Yeah, it's pretty easy
to so in the

Speaker 5 1:06:02

case of the two, similar what Darrell was saying, where the person can
get excluded and the second one gets opened to create the case.

Speaker 2 1:06:10

It depends. So sometimes intake gets abused disclosure, and there's
actually active child touch concerns in that home. So if the parent, the
offending person against their child, then we just take the
investigation. Darryl and his team started to follow up with the
protection concerns, so making sure that child safe

Speaker 5 1:06:33

and those can be resolved

Speaker 15 1:06:36

independently, correct? Yeah, so, so Darryl did deal with all of it, and
what's before the courts their intake, but are still stated and

Speaker 5 1:06:45

then just on the summary page here, not necessarily critical to have
that additional visual that these are linked or anything, because you
can, even if you had, let's say you have the impossible, which is four
in a day, either we see each date and you're looking at them anyways,
Probably drill into each one on the off chance,

Speaker 1 1:07:05

because we're trying to create a chain of responsibility so we can never
go into a limbo where it's not assigned to anyone. It's very easy for us
to do that. I thought it might be like forensically, what I'm covering
for someone's cases? It might be nice to know. Oh, well, here's

Speaker 6 1:07:24

again.

Speaker 1 1:07:25

We don't

Speaker 2 1:07:25

have to put

Speaker 5 1:07:26

it hard to do. I yeah, I think, yeah, track the link. Those

Speaker 1 1:07:29

links are all. They already exist. Because the way we have to assign
tasks,

Speaker 14 1:07:34

essentially, we get that for free. And we know over

Speaker 16 1:07:36

complicated, it was like a nice to have add on or,

Speaker 6 1:07:39

yeah,

Speaker 1 1:07:39

we essentially have to have it because we need to be able to link those.
Because when you assign a task, it's like you got to go do this, like
that's already built by the time we get to this point. I guess what I'm
saying

Speaker 9 1:07:49

sounds great.

Speaker 1 1:07:50

Yeah. All right, hey, we're done 15 minutes early. Yeah.

Speaker 14 1:07:58

My department, yes. So yes. Thing

Speaker 5 1:08:07

we can we show a little bit of

Speaker 1 1:08:08

Yes, or

Speaker 5 1:08:08

finances for Darrell, yeah, to be very helpful.

Speaker 1 1:08:11

So two things before, before we jump into the financial seeds,
essentially an intake, and you won't see it in these wireframes yet,
because this is something we just learned. But there's going to be a way
for an open intake to just hit a button that says financial sheet, and
that will create in the app a financial sheet that will already have a
bunch of the information correctly filled out, right? Because if it's
after hours, that tells you something about the budget where that
person's address is, you know if it's on reserve or not. That's gonna
tell you about budget. So those things all get loaded. Yeah, and I'll
show you a bit of that right now. Did

Speaker 5 1:08:48

you want to take a break before looking at okay, didn't want to keep you
bolted to your chair. There

Speaker 17 1:08:55

we go.

Speaker 6 1:09:00

There we go. So let's go to Finance forms. So I think I've

Speaker 9 1:09:11

got some cold mochi

Speaker 1 1:09:18

for you. So in, in the case of an intake where you needed to attach an
expense, or get an expense covered, for that, you would essentially, as
I said, there would be a button on the intake itself, and that would
automatically put this case reference. So if it was a case, would be a
case, but an intake would be an intake number, and these streams, so the
fee code, the stream and the expense type should all be determined,
because we should know that from the properties of the intake, as well
as this funding source and. And then you can describe what it is you
need. Also not shown on here is, we obviously have to say this is if
you're getting a PO, and it needs to say who this PO is going to so this
is something a question for you, actually, is like in intake, who
completes this only supervisors. And so the supervisors make the initial
request. Or is it like in case work where the worker sends a request to
the supervisor and they decide whether that's an expense that should be
included? Yeah? Okay, okay, basically an input worker just gathers.
Yeah, perfect. Another thing too, like you have to track the like it
wouldn't be on the form, but there is a Finance tab on the person and
the family, because you know that individual form is one thing, but
there could be multiple intakes, right? And those would all draw
potentially from the same budget, so that information will be on a
Finance tab, so they could go there and see the tally of like, the
amount of budget that's come out of each of the streams that might
apply. This would be just how you sort of request it. Once they request
it, this would be the worker would say, you know, I want these things.
We need to get betting. So on this stage it's going, we're going to
split it this way. That would then get sent to the supervisor, who says,
Yes, we're gonna do this or not, we're just don't Okay. So how do they
send right now? How do they ask their supervisor for something? And it's
like, I need to get something for a family, it would say on the
engineering create so like, just to go back to that, is there a specific
place you put that, or you just put like in The notes of the intake
form? Or how like

Speaker 12 1:12:18

you Yeah,

Speaker 5 1:12:25

does the does the worker at that point kind of identify the need for a
purchase to be made?

Speaker 12 1:12:32

Of what?

Speaker 5 1:12:38

Of what? Maybe?

Speaker 8 1:12:38

Sorry, I sorry i Sorry I didn't hear that last one.

Speaker 18 1:13:02

Oh, yes. Okay, so the intake worker will ask certain

Speaker 8 1:13:05

questions for a

Speaker 12 1:13:06

service worker will the intake worker

Speaker 1 1:13:28

will ask certain questions. Is there a list of those? Is there a script
that they use? Because we could build that right into the intake form,
if that's

Speaker 2 1:13:38

true, because that's way easier

Speaker 6 1:13:47

for you.

Speaker 19 1:13:47

Yeah,

Speaker 1 1:13:52

the goal for stats is to do it as automatically as possible. So like, if
that's a decision they're making at that time, and that's a decision you
count, let's absolutely put it on the form, because then it's easy for
the database to collect that information. That's

Speaker 5 1:14:07

fine. If we never, if we, if we use it 10% of time, that's okay. We've
got staff for the 10% where they're calling in, and it's streamlined for
your team for that 10% as well. Where Ross and how do I do this? Like,
no, it's right there on the form. But

Speaker 1 1:14:19

so just just for me to understand, intake worker is talking to a family.
They're going to then go meet with their supervisor and talk about, you
know, what they need to do. And that ultimately goes to you. At what
point does that cost first get brought up? Is that something that worker
would put in their initial notes? Yeah, unless it's a usual request. The
intake supervisor. Four? Is there an amount that? Yes, that's definitely
what we're shooting for. What I meant is like for an individual
transaction, or sometimes it's like, oh, Ross can authorize up to $500
but anything more than that, and they got to talk to Kelvin. Is there
anything like that in that process, like a

Speaker 12 1:15:35

large amount, for example, that loss, yeah, obviously, like, the intake
supplies are react in a way that, hey, they're going to be spending A
lot of money, right?

Speaker 1 1:16:01

They have nothing right

Speaker 12 1:16:02

now. So

Speaker 1 1:16:22

is that just you leave it to the professional discretion, or is there
like, yeah, okay,

Speaker 12 1:16:26

to be able to use their best discretion, there's check. The big thing
is, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1 1:17:00

yeah. And I think it would, that is our plan, and when it's updated, is
probably when finance authorizes it to go into sage 300 it's a minor
thing, like, but it might be like the end of the day or or the next day,
just in case, like there's an error and they need to change something.
We don't want that, like budget jumping around and they would just but
yeah, the the idea is that you submit this online, it gets the proper
authorizations from whoever on the team that needs to do that. Once it
is verified as correct from those people. Then it goes to finance. They
do just one pass to make sure, like the budget lines are the right ones,
and it's being applied as should be. Once they vet that, then that goes
into a batch that says, I'm done, I'm ready. And at that point, we would
update the family budget so that it's accurate it's

Speaker 5 1:18:00

spent this much of however, we had an actual page, yeah, it would so
similar to there being that sort of like intake and case management tab.
There's another tab just called finance, which is a list of all the
deductions against the budget, essentially, would be able to have like,
a pending just like kind of we said. But if you know, we've made a
couple transactions in the morning, we just leave those maybe at a
pending state until they get exported by finance or something, they can
still be for sure, rejected or something. Yep, and then Darryl for the
intake team. Are they relying generally on POS for these things? We've
got a couple different workflows with the finance side as well for like
POS and credit cards and things. So it's gonna be kind of lining, lining
some of that up to that. That's decided according to

Speaker 12 1:19:30

another and yeah,

Speaker 1 1:19:52

okay, yeah, I'll follow up with finance, and it sounds like maybe that
would be operations budget. I don't know, but yeah, I'll ask them. Maybe
it's put. Mentioned, but a different pool of prevention money. Yeah,
prevention,

Speaker 2 1:20:03

realistically, when it comes to finance and how they're expecting
budgets for families, they don't really see a budget really. They'll
just flag it if someone's calling it for groceries. They don't really
care about the budget, really. But it's more so for our supervisors to
kind of get a general idea right how much money they can be spending.
But then there's Daryl and I, but the services number,

Speaker 6 1:20:39

yeah,

Speaker 1 1:20:44

so, yeah, no, those are all good feedback. And yeah, you're, we're going
to be talking more about that later today, but so I can even show you a
couple other things we're looking at here, if you like. This down. So
this process is for the finance form. And then there's an overview form,
so sort of like an intake form. It has these sort of steps in the
process that it can go through. It has a unique number, and it sort of
like is approved in line of whoever needs to touch it. At that point,
you can attach your receipts to it directly, and finance won't take them
until you do unless they're truly lost or something like that. Again, it
has an audit log. It says you know what you bought here. Can attach your
purchase orders or receipts, and then you'll also be able to generate
POS all in the system, so don't have to go to paper. You'll indicate
that you need a PO, what it's for, who's it going to if it's approved by
the ongoing service or intake team, then then it will go to Finance.
They'll make the actual po for you and send it back to you digitally so
you can print it and head off to the store to buy what you need. And
then after that, it again stays as a record so that you can attach if
they give you an invoice or receipt. After that, that gets attached
there, and then that final check By finance goes into their batch
updates the family budget, out, yeah for sure And yeah, we're working
with finance to get the exact numbers and the algorithm. So there's
they're exporting it from their system, so that the idea is that those
numbers will go onto the task, and therefore, when it's exported into a
spreadsheet for them to import into sage, it's it's done like they don't
have to go and retype it. They just say, import this and it would
automatically go to the correct account. Yep, like the submitting here.

Speaker 12 1:23:31

Yeah. Would be

Speaker 5 1:23:45

Yes, uploading, that's the idea right now. Give me one moment here and
we can just take a quick look. Yesterday, it's just under finance forms.
Oh, nice, PJC, GL accounts for both awesome. I think that's what we is
that

Speaker 1 1:24:11

the one with all the folders

Speaker 5 1:24:12

finance forms, yeah,

Speaker 1 1:24:16

but I think we're still waiting for one more like that shows the
structure, but not the exact numbers of each item. Oh,

Speaker 5 1:24:26

I just got this. Oh,

Speaker 1 1:24:28

okay, yes,

Speaker 5 1:24:29

category, oh yes, cash cost. I don't know if it's what you're looking
for. Looks like there's a lot of similar numbers, but

Speaker 1 1:24:39

yeah, no, yeah, but exactly so, like, if, if it's, like, on an intake,
and it's after hours, emergency funding, and it's gross relief, and you
selected all those things that's gonna it's gonna know what budget codes
those go under based on what finances provided to us. So right now. Of,
yeah, which is just a way to make more errors, right? So, yeah, I agree.
It's it's better if we can, yeah, it'll be all right. And above a
certain level of authority, it can be overridden if, for some reason,
there's something unusual, but like, similar to the way the intake will
have those timelines, if it's known that that's the budget, then we just
want that to be what's shown. So then you don't have to reference as
you're doing it. You know you're doing your job, and then finance gets
the information they need. That's the goal. Anyway, I'm happy to stay
and hang out too and talk, but you're also all free to go to lunch, not
like you need my permission.

Speaker 6 1:26:22

You

Speaker 5 1:26:22

class. I just confirmed location. I named the docket. I have no idea if
it's what you need. I just know that that's what bath sent over and ran
out SQL script on the

Speaker 1 1:26:42

Oh, yeah,

Speaker 5 1:26:44

it's the PJC codes for the GL. I'm using acronyms that I'm going to
pretend I understand. I know General Ledger.

Speaker 6 1:26:53

Yeah. PJC Is the project module. Yes. Job. I

Speaker 1 1:27:17

coin. I'll definitely have questions about this for them, but it does
seem like this is exactly what we need,

Speaker 5 1:27:27

okay, yeah, and I love my cat. I don't want you to make a table.
Christina, does that make sense for our meeting scheduling? Do.
