2026-05-11_PCFS reset meeting

Fri, May 29, 2026 3:22AM • 1:06:33

SUMMARY KEYWORDS

PCFS reset, application management, user testing, data migration,
timelines, scope, finance, abuse intake, user acceptance testing,
roadmap, security, feedback, iterations, in-person meetings, action
items.

SPEAKERS

Speaker 3, Speaker 1, Speaker 5, Speaker 4, Marcus Morrisey, Ross,
Speaker 2

Speaker 1 00:00

Okay, application management, that's all.

Ross 00:02

Absolutely, I liked it. His and my office is near enough each other, so
that we can do a quick check of like right there, stall them. Yeah,
drink from the fire hose a little bit. How about you guys?

Speaker 1 00:14

Yeah, it's it's busy every time we uncover more about services, fees,
approaches, the reality of Peguis traveling fam service, like, oh,
right. Okay, how do we deal with that? How do we go through this? So,
yeah, I think this last month has been like, it, we, you had a lot of
things unblocked in terms of moving stuff forward. So, I think what I
want to talk about today, I'll wait till Kevin, Kelvin's in just to talk
about, okay. Here's where you are now, based on the information. So I
don't want to, I don't want to go through ahead. So

Ross 00:49

yeah, no worries. No, I, I'm glad I'm glad to hear the feedback from you
guys that you feel that things are starting to move more quickly, and
that you guys also hopefully feel the progress being made,

Speaker 1 01:01

yeah. We

Ross 01:03

fusion side, so

Speaker 1 01:04

yeah, we do. We do have some, like, we, you know, we've invested quite a
bit of time of more in-person meetings and stuff to really bring you up
to speed, because I think at the end of the day it's all in Haley's
head, so it's like, okay, so we've just, you know, divested in that side
of things, so you know the rubbers hit the road and kind of newer where
timelines are at, we're a little bit utopic, so we kind of want to get
back to look, here's the reality of it, we don't want to start cutting
certain things and going through, I think at this stage you're probably
up to speed on a lot of stuff, so I want to go, I want to adjust a bit
of our course. I've been working with the team feverishly behind the
scenes, and we got some good progress on stuff. So, I've got a laundry
list of check stuff. I think from your end, one thing I'm sure you'll
want it to know is where we're going to land with timelines, power into
scope of things, so we can convey that, and then you know what's the
approach to bring that up to the rest of the team, and, and also, is
updating Clemen in terms of her expectations and where things are at.
So, yeah, but I gotta kill time here. What did you do on the weekend?
You know,

Speaker 2 02:17

I'll know.

Ross 02:18

I tell you, I tell you, I cut, I cut some sod out of the front, the
front yard, because we're doing a rose garden. We're going to be doing a
raised flower bed, so the stone's been ordered. And yeah, I wrote my
buddy into bringing his, his Ford Ranger over. He's like, 'What are we
doing? Like, we're hauling, we're hauling clean fill to the four hour
depot, that's what we're doing.

Speaker 3 02:42

This is

Marcus Morrisey 02:43

a problem with owning a truck, because all your friends call you for
those truck jobs.

Ross 02:48

I've been telling, I've been asking my wife, I've been telling her how
much I need to get one of those little Japanese K trucks that have the
full, the full size bed, and I almost had her, I almost had her to say
that, yeah, not a problem, because the way I pitched it, I said, "Look,
I said, I will take you to Sage, the greenhouse. I said, "I'll take you
to Sage, you can fill the bed up, I will pay for it, and I'll happily
drive you home. She stopped there. She went, "No. She's like, "No, she's
like, "Als, she's like, you almost got me there. I was like, ah, it's
close, it was close.

Marcus Morrisey 03:24

She's like, because in Taiwan they're just like the size of a compact
car, but built like a cube van, and it's so much storage for such a
small space. Yeah,

Ross 03:31

yeah, exactly.

Speaker 4 03:33

Hey Kelvin, hey, good day, I pad you guys. Good.

Speaker 1 03:40

All right, so thanks for an impromptu meeting. What we wanted to do is
cover kind of a lot of ground. We have some kind of house cleaning
items. We want to give an update on where we're at on a few of the
streams we're going down. So, for abuse, for example, the finance side,
we're going to jump into kind of

Ross 03:58

the post. Give me one second here. If we're going to do this. I'm going
to see if Christina is Sutherland, is available to join

Speaker 1 04:06

us. Okay, sure.

Ross 04:08

Just, I know Clement wanted her involved with all meetings, so I just
want to respect that and make sure that it's going to see if we can get
her to join.

Speaker 1 04:26

Good, thanks for thinking about that. We should be, yeah, including her
on everything, right?

Ross 04:31

Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 3 04:34

Yeah,

Marcus Morrisey 04:39

yeah. Apologies, I should

Speaker 3 04:42

have thought of that

Ross 04:43

as well. Apologies, we've got an impromptu meeting here with ID Fusion,
and before we got started, I remembered before it was too late, that was
like, I need to call Christina and get Christina in on this meeting. So,
does right, do you have time to meet with us right now? And okay.
Perfect. Thank you so much.

Speaker 1 05:02

All right. Okay. And Kelvin, you're still there too. Yep, perfect. Good.
All right, so

Ross 05:09

here

Speaker 1 05:09

we want to make.. we wanted to just get a pulse on where things are at,
give you an update on a bunch of things in terms of our the statuses of
our progress, our scope, you know how with the collection of the abuse
information it can be this, this, or this, the finance stuff, and also
talk about our kind of like user testing, the data migration piece, but
also just overall timelines of where we're at, because we want to maybe
manage those expectations, and then you know, also, is updating Clement
in terms of managing her expectations, bring it up, so as I was saying
to Ross earlier, I think we've gotten a lot more momentum over the last
four weeks, five weeks since we've met, and we've gotten in, we've
invested some additional time bringing you know Ross up to speed, and
Calvin's in the groups, because at first there was just one point in
there, and I think Ross, you coming into your new role as well, although
I've worked with Beggars Child and Family Services, have probably not
delved as deep into the incredible breadth of what Child and Family
Services is compared to every other organization entity we've seen,
there's, it's, you know, child defensers, is this, this is what Peg was,
does with everything else. So, what we're doing is that, especially as
we're going through kind of even some of the iterations, is okay, we do
this, we do this, we do this, we do these things, and then we're getting
kind of deep into the well of what are we building for our kind of first
version, and then going back to even, you know, the original goal is
what's our first version, it can't be everything for everyone, and then
I hear Clement in the back going, "Look, we can't get it too much into
the kitchen, we need to kind of go live with a certain thing, so that's
where our role is, to kind of scope things out. So, as we're going
through for our iteration, so you know, client and family data has been
ready for user testing for a while now. The challenge is, we didn't want
to set up an external hosting like we're using for our testing
internally, we want it to be in within your ecosystem, so we can get the
right authorization, and you know we're treating, get in our testing
environment with the same level of security as we would say our
production, so we're finally at the point where we have the environment
set up, so there's a lot of collaboration between Campfire and ID
Fusion, so we should be able to kick off user acceptance testing for
that very shortly, so you know, hopefully we can, you know, for this
week the intake and notifications has been deep in development, we're
just finalizing kind of our QA and internal testing, so soon on those
heels we'll have your group doing the user acceptance testing for that
as well, and then obviously we're doing our case file management system,
so that's the other one that is, you know, expanded into more abuse
information, so I know when we were meeting with Haley early in the
process, so the RFP had kind of two lines of yet we make will probably
possibly do abuse. She had said it wasn't a priority when we met with
the team and stuff, you know, it was obviously kid or no, we have to do
it, and we can't just have honorable mention for abuse. We need to
actually have the features we need to do our full intake process. So,
we've gone through, looked at all the documents, all the systems, we've
played out some kind of, you know, that the visual designs of what the
system could do if we built our large abuse system. What we want to do
right now is rail the abuse section, so a, we're adding that, we're
going to rail that in a bit. We feel it's going to be, you know, more
useful for the team if the whole data entry is more like your intake
process. So, for example, for abuse, instead of having your, you know,
you have to go to a bunch of different sections to maintain the
information, the abuse intake is really a point in time situation where,
when the event happens, we're tracking at that point, you know, who was
involved, who were the alleged people involved in the process, where
they were at at that point, so we want to take an approach of doing more
intake-based, so more like whether that be a larger intake form with
some steps, so a bit similar to the reality you have now when you're
filling out the form, so I don't have anything to show now, but some of
the wireframes we've already shown before all. Are you know we need a
segment to maintain this information. We need a segment to maintain who
was involved, the, you know, there's, you know, doctors, healthcare
practitioners, you know, other notes. So we're just going to move that
more towards, you'll see some new designs in the coming weeks of more of
an intake process. So I don't know how familiar everyone is with the
abuse intake process, right? Calvin's

Ross 10:25

our subject matter expert, so

Speaker 1 10:26

our take is, is as we're going through this, is now that we've absorbed
all the information, we played back some visuals in a way, now we really
get a sense of when something happens, it's really, it's, it's kind of a
step by step process, knowing that you can jump around like when you're
taking your information from this segment to, okay, we don't have this
information yet, we'll leave it blank for now, we'll go to the next
step, but I'm going to say is you don't, efficiency of entry is going to
be critical, so I think it's almost if it follows more of a wizard or a
form intake of look, do I have this segment information? Yes. Do I have
this? No. Do I have this? There might be some critical information
that's required. Boom. Do I have the information on the alleged people
that are involved in this? Oh, they might already be in the system.
Quick search, attach them. So you're kind of almost going through kind
of a form process for that, so yeah, so we're going to take some
corrective action there in terms of adjusting that, because now that
we've validated all the info in the forms and stuff, and we're looking
at your inputs and outputs, then I think that's going to be a better
fit. We're going to carve off abuse as its own iteration, that first
we're thinking, okay, it was part of the case management, but it's meaty
enough that we're going to split that out, so we're just updating our
timelines, and you'll get your updated status report shortly. In terms
of that, so I just wanted to check that with you, Kelvin, especially, is
you know, bringing them on a journey that's kind of like the way they do
it now, of form entry and efficiency, but still be able to tie it to
existing information with probably a better approach.

Speaker 4 12:08

Totally, yeah, like I think, like when we were meeting with Marcus, and
we kind of just brought this all kind of to light, yeah, because it's
the, it's more so getting the info over to the program, which is the
biggest issue, right? So that's yeah, like the project user taking, I
think, is going to be the best way, just so if they click off certain
fields, it just pings them, here you go, abuse, you need to be involved
now, kind of thing. And then, in terms of like updating the cases and
that kind of stuff, like if we have to look, wait till v for certain
aspects, like we can always discuss that too, like there are some things
that you know we can discuss that if it's timelines too tight, we can
pull back on some things, but we'll sort of kind of see where you guys
come back with, and then if we say, okay, this is good for now, and we
can work out the kinks, and you know, fine tweak it for version two, we
can do that as well, right. So it's by the biggest thing is just that
intake piece of it, right, where just that initial info comes in that we
get prompted to that immediately. That's going to be the biggest piece
of the puzzle,

Speaker 1 13:15

correct. And then safe to assume that when you're doing an intake that
is really point in time information, so if you go back two months from
now, you're actually not seeing, oh, the family information's changed.
It's no, this is at the point in time when we did the intake. So, as
we're modeling this, it's not like, oh, I'm maintaining the child's
address, I'm moving them. It's no, this is the intake of what happened
at that point, because again,

Speaker 4 13:38

exactly

Speaker 1 13:39

in the amount of time it takes for this to go through, like your legal
system, or you know, other challenges, you know, you're sadly, you're
sharing, it's a year, it's two years, it's three. So we want to, we're
going to adjust our model, so that's why the, we're going to, the other
thing we're going to do is, I think it's a good lead in Kelvin, you're
in the exact same mindset as us. Is we're going to basically create an
Excel sheet or something for a roadmap item, so when we're looking at
something, going, okay, this is getting a little too much to our kind of
gold version of it, we don't want to lose sight of that. So we're going
to put in our roadmap and say, look, we've decided this might not be
version red, you know, good for version one, but at least we have an
earmark for where we're having it, and as we said, like from the get-go,
whatever we put on paper, if you sit here and go, no, we don't want this
anymore, we want this, we want more of this, we're completely flexible.
The challenge is, as you've seen, then we sit here and go, okay, well,
what about this, and what about that, and then you're like, oh, wait,
okay, we got it, we got to kind of scale it back a bit, so yeah, does
that make sense? And like, yeah, it

Ross 14:51

totally

Speaker 4 14:52

makes sense to me, and it's, I think, like, what's going to end up
happening is that I mean, the beneficial side of things is in my role,
because I'm overseeing. Intake after hours abuse and service delivery, I
can kind of assist in roadmapping that a little bit to see where
everything needs to kind of interconnect, so it's and we'll, as version
one comes out, we'll figure out, Kate, where do we want to go next time,
right? And go from there, but I think as long as we kind of have that
baseline we start off with, and then make it flourish down the road,
that is a okay,

Ross 15:26

I think. I think one of the key things that we're focusing on too now,
which is really good, is we just know that FAM care is not fulfilling
even what we need version 1.0 of Wabanon to do, and as long as we
understand what the process, what the manual processes, or what the what
the roadmap items are, you know, if we can at least fully understand
what those limitations of Wabanon are from day one, we'll be off to the
races, because we can very clearly provide staff the instruction of this
is how you use the system. These are the expectations, as opposed to I
feel a lot like during the fam care launch, there are a lot of
expectations of things Fancare was going to do, and then what do you
mean it can't do that? Yeah, so yeah,

Speaker 1 16:19

and that's why you're all part really deep into the process, so I want
to, we're going to take a step back now, because I know that it's great
to have a lot of large meetings, a lot of people in there, but that's to
collect kind of information. Now we're for abuse, for example, we're
going to take a step back and then come back with here's what we
recommend with our wireframe approaches and approach, and then gain
feedback on that. So, I think it was great that we had a lot of kind of
standing meetings, but now we need to go back and then come back with
recommendations. Look, this is what we think is critical, high priority,
and these are the things that we feel let's put out in small ways, like
if there's other forms and stuff that have to be put in place, we're not
doing version one, but then we, what we want to make sure we have, yes,
but we have document upload, so at least you can upload the document in
there, so we're, you know, it's all the informations in the system, so
that's where, yeah, so we'll have some trade offs there, and 100% you
can say no, that's critical, as long as we, you know, let's put it back.
We're totally flexible. The only thing is, right now, a lot of things
are critical, and if a lot are, then nothing's

Ross 17:27

nothing is. Yep,

Speaker 1 17:28

yeah. So, I'm, yeah, so I'm coming more as bad cop here. I guess that's
a, yeah, maybe that's not the best way of doing it. So, so, as if they,
hey, come back, because I'm not in the trenches in it, so I'm going to
come back and probably say, okay, why don't we align? So this point of
this conversation was, hey, here's what we're seeing, we feel we're it's
morphing to a lot more. What do we feel about, you know, have we are we
still on our scope of, yeah, we really want, and it's not mini, I don't
like minimal viable product, because it's not, you know, fan care was so
far from MVP, it hurt. We still want a solid version one, but we
already, our timelines are, you know, starting to slip, and finance is a
whole other ball game of complexity. So, the, and again, I'll talk to
that in a second, but I mean, at the end of the day, my goal for
finances, let's let's reduce the amount of effort that finance has to
do, and your and your entire team has to do to analyze, well, what the
heck is this for? Who does it go to? So that's where we're trying to, is
our big goal. So the system is not run by, we get 1000s of emails a day,
and we have to figure out which families they go to, so that to me it's
going to be our gold standard. So, so we're adding abuse as its own
iteration, we're going to be shifting stuff to kind of meet with that,
we're already pretty deep into that stages, those stages, so the meeting
cadence right now. I'd like to talk a little bit about that. Is what
we'll go back to, is what we had before. Of okay, we're going to have a
specific meeting to review wireframes for this, you know. Okay, Kelvin,
say Christina, you're welcome to every meeting as well. I know Ross is
going to be part of all the meetings as well, but then Kelvin said,
"Okay, I want to bring in this other resource for it. The value of Get
With Kelvin is he's been in the trenches, knows how to do the work, and
it's high level. It's not just I'm manager, I've never done the task,
you know, it's you're deep in the weeds, so that's we're super lucky for
that, and the fact that you're like intake after hours abuse is magical
in terms of helping us, so

Speaker 4 19:50

for sure. Okay,

Speaker 1 19:52

so that being said, for meeting stuff is the standard weekly touchpoint
with Marcus Ross, is that. Marcus Ross Christina, then yeah, perfect,

Ross 20:05

that can be Marcus Ross Christina, and then when we need to review the
wireframes, we'll include Kelvin, and yeah, then we need to pull on the
team, we can identify the team and get them all pulled in to make the
most of that meeting,

Speaker 1 20:18

yeah, and then go ahead, Kelvin.

Speaker 4 20:22

I was gonna say, I just.. I've been with this piece here, like I cleared
my schedule every Tuesday, pretty much. Well, Tuesday mornings for sure,
ongoing until the end of June. So, if those are kind of standing meeting
days with Ross and Christina, then that's fine with me. Like, I can be
available during those times, if we, there's an afternoon one that has
to be different. I try to keep my Tuesday fully open, so that way there,
if we ask me, it comes up, I can hop into it. So those Tuesdays will
kind of be just standing for me until further notice, pretty much.

Speaker 1 20:58

Okay, yeah. And our end, then we'll, we'll let you know when those would
be, but often it's hour and a half hour meetings, and we'll try to be
more succinct of here's the goal of meeting, here's what we want to
review, and kind of go through, and now we have our kind of roadmap of,
oh, that's an awesome idea, we don't want to lose that, we just agree to
put it on the roadmap, then we can then revisit that when we go down,
it's just, it's such a challenge to always go wait. Do we need that? Is
it critical? Is it this? Is it that? Well, maybe we'll bring in this
person to check, and next thing you know, we're, you know, it's, it's
been a challenge. We're getting back into pretty deep into the kitchen
there. So cool. Okay, so we'll, yeah, we'll pre-book those things. I
think at this point we have enough for the abuse iteration that we can
go back for a few weeks and then book something ahead of time, so

Ross 21:49

that sounds great for sure.

Speaker 1 21:52

The other thing is in-person meetings, I know when we met with the group
in Clemens, so on, so forth, we talked about, you know, having an
in-person meeting, maybe every two weeks or every four weeks, so you
know what, you know what we do for that, and my end is we're not, we
don't mind in-person meetings, but if it's every week, this and that,
because we don't charge for any travel in the city, I have, you know,
I'd like to be mindful of that if you're open to it, but at the end of
the day, is we're happy to adjust as is, however you'd like. So,

Ross 22:27

for sure, we'll probably want to schedule something in person. We can
even move them back to our, your guys' office is gonna be under
construction there pretty soon.

Speaker 1 22:36

Definitely, but define pretty soon. It's, it's, they're tearing down our
building, but we're still waiting for a bunch of city, but so we're, we,
we're months, months away, I believe,

Ross 22:48

months and months away, okay.

Speaker 3 22:49

But it

Speaker 1 22:49

doesn't really matter, because we'll probably be moving about like five
blocks away, so really we're going to be closer to you, but like five
blocks, so

Ross 22:58

there you go. Yeah, they're on Provost here, though,

Speaker 1 23:02

right next to the Milton Club.

Speaker 4 23:05

Christine, I'm not too sure whereabouts you live, but I know, Ross,
whereabouts you live. I can just route to go towards Privacy if we
prefer in person at your office. Um, it's up to you guys. If you guys
prefer to do, you know, week virtual, week in person, I'm up for
whatever. It's not a big reroute for me to go over that way, because I'm
coming from the Shane area, anyways. So I'm going through the city most
of the time.

Speaker 5 23:31

Yeah, that's fine with me.

Ross 23:33

Yeah, and in person, that effusion works totally, totally fine.

Speaker 1 23:36

Okay, so that being said, so the weekly one is more of a kind of Marcus
Ross, Christina,

Ross 23:42

we'll do a touch base, yep, great

Speaker 1 23:43

touch points and stuff, and then the in-person meetings, I don't know,
we, we do, we want to have every two weeks, every three weeks, like,

Ross 23:52

let's do every three, I think, let's do every three, because what I'm,
what I'm hearing, and you can correct me, Rob, is that we're, we're
getting back to kind of getting in the kitchen with you guys, and we
need, we need to actually let you guys go cook, right?

Speaker 1 24:04

Maybe. Yes, but if I mean, no, no, that's yeah, of course, we've had
again 26 years started this company with my business partner. We are at
least getting a lot of value from those meetings, where in some cases
I'm, we manage 40 governor Manitoba applications. We have a lot of
meetings as well, and then you sit there and you go, I don't get value
from this. So it's great.

Ross 24:30

I think that was getting, I think that was the point here too, was we
wanted to front load some value on these meetings with with long days of
meeting, and then basically be able to step back and and let you guys
work, so we can always bother you more often if it's determined that
that three week cadence isn't working, or we need to come in sooner, but
I, but what I'm hearing from you guys is like, hey, we've got a lot of
information, we're kind of getting. Close to people in the kitchen
again, and we need to, we need to get cooking. Is that

Speaker 3 25:05

fair?

Speaker 1 25:06

Yes, I can get you to run this meeting. So, but yes, but that being
said, yeah, sit here and go, no, we need more, we need this, we're
flexible, but, but 100% we need to start cooking, so you

Ross 25:21

guys need to start cooking, and I think we're also anxious to start
seeing what you're cooking, you know, because I think we were all
looking at this recipe and it gets a bit where, because I like this
cooking analogy, I'm in the kitchen all the time, so I like where
Christine's gonna ask, "Well, what about red onion? and they're like,
"Yeah, what about green onion too? And then Calvin's go, "What about
dried onion, though? And we're gonna go like, yeah, I need some onion
for sure. And meanwhile, Rob's Rob's there, just like guys, I got garlic
and I got shallots, and I really need to get this stuff in the pot. So

Marcus Morrisey 25:52

the other subtext that Rob hasn't told you is that I was sort of the
sous chef, so I was just prepping these things, and they were like,
yeah, we can do it all, and he's like, wait, wait, wait, we actually
have this, yeah, slightly, you know, softening that, but yeah, that's
partly me. I got a little excited, yeah, do all the things, so

Ross 26:08

I think that's totally fair. And let's, let's get you guys in the
position where you can can get working, and then you can come back to us
to make those critical decisions of, of what's really critical, what
needs to be here, what can we live, and what can Calvin and Christina
provide their insight to taste, like you know what. Unfortunately, that
is a roadmap item, because we're going to make room for this other,
more, more important piece. We, and we have to, we have to let you guys
start building and start working to be able to really identify those

Speaker 1 26:42

perfect, okay, that's good. That being said, we've had people in the
kitchen cooking while we're doing this, so yeah, well, of course, like
intake and case files, so that's why you haven't seen a lot of Gabbayan,
because she's, we, you know, we split it off, said, "Okay, Marcus, we
need to do a big dump of more information, so now we're, we're, yeah,
that was great. So, and then do you, do you, Ross, feel, and even
Kelvin, that you have a lot more background now of what we're trying to
build, and a bit that, because I think we only had one point there with
you meetings, so we wanted to just do a big dump of bringing you up to
speed on this as well, so are you, you know,

Ross 27:26

I'll defer to Calvin on that, and then I'll follow up with my opinion.

Speaker 4 27:29

I think it's, I think we're at a good spot where I can at least see
some, some light at the end of the tunnel, kind of thing. Uh, gives us a
better sense, at least, as to where we're going, and that way there too.
I'm not expecting the everything, and everything, and everything more,
and I can be, you can be a little bit more realistic. And when we go
back to those wireframes, we can look at, you know, again, is this piece
really necessary at this point in time? Can we delay this or we just
take us out for right now altogether, so I think it gives a better sense
of reality, because I know, like with found care, like Ross said, it's
just a burning dumpster fire, unfortunately, that we can put out, so
it's terrible to say, but like I literally will just defer to using
CFIUS instead of found care, because it just takes way longer to get any
info. So, like, there's some things with that where I'm just like, hey,
there's gonna be certain pieces that we, that we need to make things a
little bit more accessible, instead of spending 10 minutes to find one
piece of information, it should take us a minute or two, instead of 10
minutes taking

Speaker 1 28:41

perfect, and then the other thing is, you're also helping us kind of
identify the dishes we want for this, so that's been like, we bring you
in the kitchen, okay? These are the stuff we have, so that's been super
helpful. Yeah, fam cares, like what took your order, went away, and then
you know you were expecting some steak and you got like you know a
Burger King Whopper with some, you know, I

Ross 29:07

don't know, I like, I like Christina, how about how about

Speaker 5 29:14

no, like I'm I'm no chef, but it sounds like really interesting, and I'm
looking forward to using it and testing it out.

Marcus Morrisey 29:25

The one test I wanted to touch on before we close off, for sure, is that
in our previous meetings we sort of implied that there was going to be
sort of like a beta testing group, like you know, we wouldn't have the
broader team, so we're hoping to get that organized this week sometimes,
so who exactly should be that first wave of testers on this?

Ross 29:45

What are we testing?

Speaker 1 29:47

Okay, client and family

Marcus Morrisey 29:52

data, being able to find a person, at a person, what data fields exist
on the person that can. Action model is part of that, right? Like, how
you connect people in the genogram, and that kind of thing. So it's
foundational.

Ross 30:09

Yeah, so for sure, Kelvin, Christina, you guys need to be in the testing
group. And what I would also recommend is, wherever possible, if we can
keep these testers consistent and continue to use them where it, where
it's applicable, so that we're not bringing people in with no context in
the future for things, or it's not going to work with with everything.
But

Speaker 1 30:39

yeah, that being said, the next one is soon on its heel, will be like
kind of intake, and at the end of the day is we want a wider breadth of
testers, so you know if we have four or five people that's fine, you
could have put 20 if you really want, because I, it really depends on
the feedback cycle, I think we were thinking of getting, I think last
time we discussed his feedback would go internally, and then you would
push that to us. In some cases, we open it up, and anyone can send us
feedback, and then we make a judgment call on a recommendation of, okay,
roadmap or within scope.

Ross 31:15

Do does ID fusion, because I'm going to be lazy, does ID fusion have any
resources that we'd be able to use internally to to capture feedback to
then pass on to you, so that it's that's in a format that's useful for
you guys.

Marcus Morrisey 31:34

Grab this

Speaker 3 31:36

one, Robert.

Speaker 1 31:36

Yep, yeah, it literally typically our process is, is we have this kind
of a support email, and anyone has an issue, a question, or whatnot,
they literally just put in a ticket and send it to us. It gets sucked
into our ticketing system. We then triage it in terms, it's just some
clients like the, you know, why don't we at least get, and I'll make a,
you know, vote for someone, Kelvin, to look at this first, because he
might look at it, goes, "No, no, no, we discussed that, that's out of
scope. Here's why, but let IDF know, so it's in the roadmap. And then
the only reason I'm not picking on yourself, Ross or Christina is Kelvin
has been living this, so that's where that might be a good first fence,
and we don't care how polished it is, we don't need a novella in it.
It's just a question of here's the issue, here's how I did to reproduce
it, here's what I'm expecting. That's

Speaker 3 32:31

it.

Ross 32:31

Do does it fusion have, and if not, let's collaborate and build one,
like our our testing, like what you know, gosh, words are failing me
now, guys. Our testing requirements, like, so we are going to do UAT.
So, do we have a checklist of tasks to test, boxes to check, to check?

Speaker 1 32:55

Yes, the answer is no. And part of the reason we do that is we then that
gets pretty prescriptive, and then you're looking at the same test kind
of cases and scenarios we have. We'd rather you basically take real-life
examples, change names, addresses, and just use the system as you would.
Here's an example of an intake, because that's where you're really
getting the, oh, shoot, we forgot this, and there's going to be moments
like that. There's no doubt. So, I'd rather you at like we've done our
internal scripting. We have two testers that go through and think of all
the situations, so we'd rather it be as look, we want to do an intake
that's complex and intakes that's simple, or something that you know, or
you know it's gone through many iterations. Yeah, it's just we have to
be clear, we don't want any personal identifiable information. Yeah, so
as long as you change names and stuff, I think we'd be more than covered
on that front.

Ross 33:53

So then I think what we can do is we can, we can come up with some, some
scenarios ourselves. I just want to ensure that we have documentation
for for everyone, just like, well, this is this is how we this is how we
did our UAT, even if it goes on the shelf and is never looked at again,
we'll know that these were some of the scenarios that we use, this is
what it was, and that Ross and Calvin and Christina, all three of them
said, yeah,

Speaker 1 34:21

yeah, so then why I recommend for that is you in Excel or Word, you
basically go look here, this is the happy path, so if everything goes
right, we do this, here's an exception where we actually have to have a
view thing put into place and kick it off, and then yeah, take it from
there, and in some cases we say, look, we want you to enter, you know,
1010 people, so a couple people might be tasked for be rogue testers,
where you just enter, like, you know, 10 community members with a
complex family structure, or a very, you know, a simple one, or Q.
Community led, so that's almost the case of it's a couple of liners. So,
for example, is a child that just has, you know, you know, a mother and
a father, a child that's basically raised by the community as a bunch of
aunties and whatnot, child that's been in this situation and displaced.
So I keep it high level, so people can go, "Oh, okay, I'm going to
basically do that, and then you can even assign names to people if you'd
like.

Ross 35:25

All right, sounds good. And so it's the client and family data that
we're that we're getting ready to launch our testing for.

Speaker 1 35:31

Yes,

Ross 35:32

excellent.

Speaker 1 35:35

But and to answer your question, yeah, we can 100% assign someone to
you. Hey, what do you think of this in terms of our, you know, testing
strategy, but we recommend little less structured, but more of the what
are the scenarios we're testing, and make sure we go over that gambit.

Ross 35:52

So, Calvin and Christina will use part of our time tomorrow, then,
because tomorrow's Tuesday, to start to start thinking about this and
start planning some of this out for the client and data testing that
way, we're that we're ready to hit the ground running,

Speaker 1 36:10

and then what we're going to do for UAT, all the user acceptance testing
is we have a user acceptance kickoff thing where we actually do a screen
share, we walk through and train you on that module, and go through all
the ins and outs and stuff. We record it, so you can go out and play
that back later to go, oh, that's what you know, that's what they told
us, perfectly. So we do the,

Ross 36:35

so we do the kickoff with the recording, then returned loose to do our
testing and provide feedback,

Speaker 1 36:40

correct? And then, in your group, if you'd like, can have access to the
specifications if you want to zoom through to just see if you really,
you know, you want to go that far, but at the end of the day, it's like,
if you learn a new piece of software, you're going to look at the
screen, go, what the heck's that, what's this, and think of your end of
looking at some of the recent, you know, you know, community member
info, you have, you know, you can even have fan care open if you'd like,
you know,

Ross 37:09

for sure. Calvin, does that sound good to you, Christina? All right,
getting some thumbs up on a yupper, so we can't go wrong there.

Speaker 1 37:18

Oh yeah, so that leads us to, we, we internally have our own boosting
that we've done. We've decided to only do our user testing in your
environment, so all your whole Microsoft Azure environment. We're very
close to getting that ready. That's the only thing that's been delayed.
So, we've decided to, we made it as a group. We don't want you guys to
kind of test outside of that, so we didn't set a spin up a separate one.
We're going to do it in terms of, you know, what the proper security,
like it's a bit of a pain for us to set up and test, which is good. That
means we've gone through the hoops. So, Campfire team has been great on
that side of things. We have a few other things, and I think you
unlocked it shortly today. We'll make sure we can have that, and then
we'll set up the user acceptance testing. So I would say it's obviously
this group, but it'd be nice to have maybe at least two other, you know,
people. It could be

Ross 38:15

Christina

Speaker 3 38:16

Savvy.

Ross 38:19

Does Hope do a lot of like user entry there with helping out in fam
care, so I think hope would probably be a really good candidate to add.
Hope's one of our fam care administrators, so when people have issues
internally, like Ross has entered something that's not wrong, hope will
go in mirror Ross's permissions or mirror Ross the user and go and try
to figure out what Ross did, so

Speaker 1 38:42

that's perfect. Yeah, that's

Speaker 5 38:42

what's gonna mention I should be a good person to test it up

Ross 38:46

and hope it'd be great for that. And Calvin, did you have anyone else
that you think might be that we want to get in on this

Speaker 4 38:54

payroll being director for intake? I know we're seeing after hours as
well, and then potentially Sherry being the abuse manager.

Ross 39:08

Sure,

Speaker 4 39:11

I was thinking too, if we wanted to even loop in an intake supervisor,
potentially, because they're probably like in their, their, they just
live literally in intake all day, every day. They're not really going on
to found care too much. So, I think, or do you want to have somebody
who's more working with them care specifically?

Ross 39:33

Just someone who's going to be entering these, this information in,
would probably be really useful. So, if they're a person that's going to
be

Speaker 4 39:40

an intake supervisor.

Ross 39:42

Okay, yeah, in-person record.

Speaker 4 39:46

Yeah, I can get Darryl to do that, or even actually, instead of an index
supervisor, maybe the CFIS admin.

Ross 39:54

Yeah,

Speaker 4 39:56

I'll to figure out with Daryl who that, who that is. I can't remember
their name. Off top of my head, but I'll figure out who that piece is,
so that way that we can add them into, because they're the ones who'd be
taking all the intakes and actually creating those perfect person
profiles on the IM and the full nine yards, so they'd actually be more
beneficial to have, because they're the ones who have to exactly said

Speaker 5 40:21

men admin,

Speaker 4 40:23

yeah. So I think we have Miranda, I think.

Speaker 5 40:26

Okay,

Speaker 4 40:27

something like that, because I know they're the ones who are putting
like all of our intake forms onto CFIS or onto the I should say.

Speaker 5 40:34

Okay, yeah. On the team here that I have is Brandy Bear. She does the
intake. She takes all the intakes, and then just does stats, so she's
not really in the, in the system.

Speaker 4 40:48

Yeah, but I think Miranda is

Speaker 5 40:50

like, okay, Miranda,

Speaker 3 40:52

yeah,

Speaker 5 40:52

okay,

Speaker 1 40:56

perfect. And then when we met, I know someone had mentioned, well, maybe
because people are, you know, sensitive because of how fan care is just
a garbage fire, as you said, we kind of want to make sure where they're
testing it, it's a bit more solid, so there was a bit of discussion of
having, you know, a team test first, and then prior to unleashing it, in
our experience, we set up our user acceptance testing of it. This is
like an alpha, it's a beta, it's going to be buggy. We, if we have bugs,
that means you're actually trying to use it. We'd rather not have
another layer of, of kind of delay. It's, you know, just bring it up and
say, look, it's going to be, you know, it's going to have some
challenges, going to be this. Try to break it. Your goal is to kind of
make us cry, and saying, "Well, I can't believe they forgot this. So
we'd rather have that, because we really want to avoid the "we'll go
away for three months and it's going to be super polished. And you go,
"What about this? Like, "Ah, if we would have known that two months ago,
it'd be way less effort. So, as long as you're

Ross 42:00

it's function over form, because the form can come after, and I'll make
sure that all of our testers understand keeping fam, you know, keeping
fam care in mind, and, and the pain points there, that this is actually
really exciting time to be part of Wabanong at this stage, because, like
you said, Rob, this is where they're able to ensure that by doing their
work now and experiencing the issues and finding out that the Ross
button doesn't Ross and the Kelvin button goes to Marcus, what's going
on here that will give them a better end product, and that's the job
here.

Speaker 1 42:39

Yeah, and then what we found is when they find a bug, and they go, "Oh
my gosh, this is frustrating. Two weeks later, they go, "Oh, it's fixed.
I was actually heard. Well, I'm actually contributing and building this
product. That's the thing we want to renew. Hope, because fan care..
that I can't believe how many stories I've heard of. We tell them, and
they go, "Well, tough.

Ross 43:00

As part of the, as part of the UAT, as well, is it? I take it you guys
are going to have your, your bug register as we submit these issues. Is
there going to be kind of a review of that with us after? Be like, hey,
this is what was submitted, this is what we fixed so far.

Marcus Morrisey 43:19

Yeah, we, yeah, let's

Ross 43:22

even briefly, is is fine, just

Speaker 1 43:24

okay, yeah, we can see that I don't mind doing that. The only thing is,
we want to make sure if we don't have to spend a lot of time on the
updating, okay? Here's the report, here's every status of the bug, it's
just neat.

Ross 43:36

Oh, no, no, I just.. but I think it's much more like this was reported,
it's not resolved,

Speaker 1 43:41

okay? Correct, yeah, do.

Ross 43:42

just in case there's anything left outstanding again, because I imagine
we're gonna have a couple,

Speaker 3 43:47

yeah,

Ross 43:48

couple iterations of the UAT.

Speaker 1 43:50

Yeah, yeah, we can do, we'll do that. Perfect. So, if we don't have to
try to keep it,

Ross 43:55

no, no, no, I think just tracking that. Hey, this was already captured,
like this is already reported, it's open. This is reported, it's closed,

Speaker 1 44:03

correct. And, or even our ticket is, if something comes in, we can say
this is already a duplicate to this ticket.

Ross 44:10

Yes,

Speaker 1 44:10

it's closed. Yes, duplicate. So, and then what can happen is, when you
see this report, you can ask, okay? I really like to know what the heck
this is, because it won't have the whole details if someone else visit.
Yeah, that's perfect.

Ross 44:21

Yeah, I don't want you guys spending tons and tons of time on this. It's
much more just to keep, keep us in line of, are there existing bugs?
Have they been resolved? Great.

Speaker 1 44:29

Yeah, perfect. Yeah, we can do that. Perfect. And again, if you think
more, we can have it. It's just, I, you know, I'd like a

Ross 44:38

no. I don't want to keep poking my head in the kitchen. I don't want to
keep being like, how about now? Oh, how about now? Oh, that, that looked
a little bit more like smoke and less like steam. Yeah, no, it's.. I
look at it as more of, more so, just being able to like the master
tickets of this, the food that was ordered. This is what's gone out
already. This, these are the orders you're still waiting for. Gosh, the
food analogies just. They lend really well to this. I'm, I'm going to
just lean in real hard.

Speaker 1 45:03

The only downside is I have a ridiculous amount of house building
analogies, and now they're, you've literally, I have, I have to use my
improv hat on, and I gotta make stuff, but that's okay.

Ross 45:13

It's like building a kitchen in a house, you know, it's, you can, you
can, you can pivot to cabinetry and fridges, you can make it work. Rob,
I believe in you.

Speaker 1 45:25

Nice, nice. We don't need granite countertops yet.

Ross 45:29

And, and again, one thing we did task you guys with, as well, is to make
sure what we're not, what we're asking you, we're like with these
statuses, like we just had robbers, it's that it's not arduous, it's not
being in the kitchen more, it's not taking more of your development time
or your work time away, while still just trying to find that balance of
are we informed, are we aware of what's going on, are things moving in
the direction that we, that we all want it to, and yeah,

Speaker 1 45:53

perfect, and I think once you start seeing the app, then it's like,
look, we already own this, this is exciting, let's shape it, I think
that's it, so the fact that we've, you know, had some delays because of
our environment isn't - it's fortunate. Like, let's just, like, we spent
a lot of time, we have a lot to show you, so it's going to be exciting.
Okay, that being said, for the environment, then, so thanks for the
quick response for us on the email. So, do you,

Speaker 3 46:18

yeah,

Speaker 1 46:18

are those email accounts? Do you have to pay for an email? I

Ross 46:22

got to check the licensing, I believe. So, at the very least, so because
of how fun Microsoft is, there are requirements, and because we're
building this, you know, to test security. Anytime you have conditional
access policies apply, or things

Speaker 3 46:37

like

Speaker 1 46:37

that. Yeah,

Ross 46:38

exactly. It's, it's okay if I've got a license accounts temporarily.
What it's going to come down to, though, is I need to do it in a way
that I might just give them.on microsoft.com and then just add like my
p1 Azure one licenses to the end to avoid providing SharePoint access,
things like that, that that kind of comes over with some of those e
licenses, so I do have to just review that with Campfire tomorrow, but
it shouldn't be a problem to to to get those accounts access.

Speaker 1 47:18

Okay, sounds good. Yeah, cuz I don't want to ask a ton of accounts, and
you're paying like whatever every month for those, but I saw the long
the Microsoft extension. Oh, wait a minute, maybe the, you know, on

Ross 47:29

microsoft.com or generally it's, you know, it's a free account at that
point. It's just to ensure that we're compliant with compliant with the
enter ID requirements and the conditional access things like that, that
we would, that we'd probably just need to have a couple little add-ons.
Okay, but again, again, it's, it's doable, it's all for the sake of
testing, it's temporary. These are things that we'll just mark down that
were added, and then we'll make sure they get removed once we're test
done testing.

Speaker 1 47:55

Perfect. And I think you could probably set an expiration on them as
well, so that way, yeah, you know, then we, we're okay with that too,
because sometimes it's like, oh wait, we got to remember to do house
cleaning, so okay,

Ross 48:05

yeah,

Speaker 1 48:06

perfect. So some of those will need kind of right away. I would say just
Gabriel and Marcus would be the priority. I definitely, Josh and myself
as well, but I mean, you know, we definitely want to get to, we need to
play with our UAT environment before we kick off the UAT, but we want to
kick off the UAT like yesterday, so I don't know if that means end of
this week or beginning of next week, and then the biggest thing too is
your staff is going to have a lot of homework, they're going to have to
play around with it and test it, and so on, so forth, and you know

Ross 48:39

we'll have to come up, Calvin, Christina, you and I will have the three
of us will have to come up with kind of the process that we want to see
internally here to make sure that if our testers find an issue that it's
documented at least somewhat similarly between everyone and we get good
info that can get sent off to Rob and team that we can come up with that

Speaker 1 49:04

good cover, this covered that quick question. Gabriel was just following
up, is you have some case file automated tasks an email respect to that,
so I don't know if she sent it out only last week, but that would be a
fairly high priority, so as we're doing the work on the case stuff, so
one

Ross 49:28

moment, please

Speaker 3 49:42

do I know

Ross 49:45

I flagged it.

Speaker 1 49:47

Yeah, so it's basically automatic task assignments of when something
happens. Who, how does it trigger? Who does it go to? Because we want to
basically,

Ross 49:56

okay, yeah. Thursday, yeah, Thursday, just to about four four. PM, there
I was off Friday, so

Speaker 1 50:02

yeah, no, no worries. I mean, if we can get that later this week, that
would be great.

Ross 50:06

How can you and I can review that tomorrow with service delivery?

Ross 50:10

Yep, excellent.

Ross 50:12

We will get that reviewed tomorrow.

Speaker 1 50:14

All right, so that's an easy one. The other one is the whole data
migration piece.

Ross 50:19

Yes,

Speaker 1 50:20

the so the summarize is we need to see the actual data. You have to know
what we can pour in what ideally we're going to limit it to say one
person to IDF only. Eventually they're going to have to have live access
to kind of live info to do it. One option we've seen is if that
information can be put into a separate database, and you scrub it of
personal identifier information, at least when we're limiting when we
need access to live data, but at the end of the day, you could probably
delete a lot of case notes. There's software out there that can just
replace names and addresses of people you know, I don't know, maybe you
delete all documents, but again, I don't like, I know we've chatted
about this for a while now, but that's the sooner we get to that the
better. So you don't need to answer it now. This is a, we really,
really, really want to kind of start that discussion, and we're happy to
adjust however we can play with that. So

Ross 51:21

I think it's fair. I think Rob Marcus from your end, and Calvin can
correct me if I'm wrong. Here we need to ensure that whoever from ID
Fusion side is going to be in that has their vulnerable sector check
done, just in the off event that data is not script scrubbed or
something, so that is that is a requirement. No

Speaker 3 51:44

problem.

Ross 51:45

I will be meeting with Campfire tomorrow, I believe. So there was a plan
at one point to condense the existing fam care environment from the two
servers that it currently runs on down to one part of that happened.
There might be a database running in a version of SQL that we can go
mess up, and by say mess up, I mean run these tools, it'll give some
level of data for it to show you guys, so

Speaker 1 52:17

and if the data is a year old, that's not a problem, that

Speaker 3 52:20

it would

Ross 52:21

be, it'd be a year, year and a half, but 90 95% of the structure should
be there, and I think this might be our best bet at efficiently getting
you guys that access and going from going from there. Okay, so I'm going
to investigate that with Campfire tomorrow.

Speaker 1 52:40

Okay, so Varun, one of our senior dev architects, is going to be the
resource. I'm gonna have to get an updated vulnerability sector check,
because I'm pretty sure his is, you know, we want something more recent,
so no worries there. We do it all the time. Okay, thanks for that heads
up. All right,

Ross 52:58

Calvin, any other requirements there?

Speaker 3 53:01

Nope.

Speaker 1 53:02

Okay, so, so timelines. When we met, Clemen said, you know, there's no
way you're going to reach your June timeline. It's all rainbows and
unicorns. I don't know what you're talking about. She didn't say those
exact words, but she's like, this is, you're crazy. So, yes, she's 100%
right. So, right now with adding the abuse side, so we're going to add
the abuse. It's already been starting design development. We're going to
be shifting then our dashboard reporting and some of the finance stuff,
so we figure we're going to be at the end of July now for kind of go
lunch, and I don't know what people's summer months are like, so

Ross 53:45

well, let's talk about that right now. Then, like, honestly, just
because I, because I love what I'm, I love what I'm hearing. Does that
include a buffer for for summer holiday months for either your staff or
ours, because we'll also, we also have gatherings that are happening
then in, in June and July as well. So I just want to be be fair to
everyone involved that I can appreciate that we've identified, like,
hey, june 30, probably not going to happen.

Speaker 1 54:17

Yeah, buffer for our stuff. Yes, the challenge I have is I don't know
how quickly the user acceptance testing and stuff is going to go, and
again, you know, especially yes, with gatherings that could be okay.
This week is now, you know, you know, he basically, we can't spend time
on this during this week if we have a list of those key events and stuff
that would be of benefit, but at the end of the day, what we do is when
we record the user acceptance testing sessions, it's recorded, so if you
know Jill can't make it or Miranda can't make it, they can always listen
to it after and jump in when they can, and if we have enough people.
Using user acceptance testing, if we have one or two missing, then you
know, then we can at least still move forward, but yeah, so July is
still, cross your fingers, but you know, I think with this discussion, I
think I'm now breathing much easier with the yes wizard type form entry
for abuse is better than let's build, you know, the, you know, multiple
screens of entry, because that had been, yeah, bit of a challenge, so
yeah, but I mean, what's what's even reasonable for a go live for like
your reality, like you know, like again, you look at, you know, is one
month like you know more challenging, the next is like you know August
building up to September, like September is just you know crazy for
some, you know, yeah, you're just always busy, so there's really no good
time.

Ross 56:09

No, exactly, it's more so just to be able to set, you know, set
expectations, right? And, and to also let that, let a reasonable
deadline help drive our our schedule as well, so we can know, like, hey,
this is reasonable, we're going to work to meet this,

Speaker 1 56:28

yeah, so I, that's why I don't want to push it into August, I still want
to say July is the end, is the reasonable, but you know, you can add
your own buffer internally for that, but we want everyone to know, holy
crow, we're, you know, this is what we're really, you know, our revised
deadline is here. Okay, okay, we will, we will basically get you your
status report tomorrow, because we started working on it, but now that
we, you agree with the plan, we want to make sure that's in the plan.
So,

Ross 57:06

yeah, I think that's a fair plan going forward. Calvin,

Speaker 3 57:09

yep.

Ross 57:11

Christina, do you see any issues there? All right,

Speaker 1 57:16

so last but not least, there was also a meet, is meeting set for
tomorrow, I think. Some of them we won't need to have. I don't

Ross 57:28

find

Speaker 1 57:29

Saba. The only one is with that 3pm meeting was that one of those in
person where, like, you know, Clement wants an update on certain things,
or

Ross 57:43

the plan was they have an in-person update with Clement, if possible.
She's in the city, I can check with Christine. If it doesn't put you
guys out too much, I'll confirm with Christine tomorrow morning to see
if Clemens going to be able to make that, or if we either cancel it or
make it virtual. But I'll provide you guys an update on that one
tomorrow morning.

Speaker 1 58:02

Yeah, it, in all honesty, I'm happy to have a touch point, because
again, I really, I appreciated everyone's feedback. And then Kevin
seemed to be from higher up going, "No, here's what we need to do.
There's, you know, this, there's a lot of value in that, that the
guidance. I want to make sure her expectations are met as well, so

Ross 58:23

yeah, absolutely.

Speaker 1 58:24

Okay, so yeah, we're, we've, we're cleared off, we can definitely meet.
So I think that means is the other thing I'm looking at your calendar is
this was there's this support review at 9am

Ross 58:39

at the Scott Bay support review. Yeah, so that's for the, that was for
the new program for Scave Support.

Speaker 1 58:46

Can you give me a summary of what that's what's the Scave again?

Speaker 4 58:52

So it's a, it's an in-home support program, and doesn't here wouldn't be
only as difficult to implement, so we just would have to toss the form
in there, and then they're all going to be presusing clients already as
it is, so they have to be within our system as they had an open file,
and then they just be attached to a worker to be able to go out, and
then so they can upload contact notes to Wabanon, and it just gets shot
over to the worker. Done. I think it's probably one of our easiest ones,
but again, if we, if we can't get to that, that's fine, because we
still, because it is a newer program, it's not all totally fine tuned,
and there's probably going to be form changes and all that kind of stuff
going on and on and on, and it will flourish more and more and more, so
that's something we do have to push back to version two, so be it. But
yeah, it's Ross, I don't know where you're, where you're at with that
piece there,

Ross 59:58

just. Scave support is it would we be able to get away with just at like
uploading the forms as a document to the to the case file for iteration
1.0 and then we we road map the rest of

Speaker 4 1:00:14

the I think that would be fine for now yes

Ross 1:00:16

okay

Speaker 4 1:00:17

on there

Ross 1:00:18

so they're going to have a form we're going to we're gonna attach a
Skabe support form in the documents, as you guys are already building
it. So, I don't think there's any extra build required. This would just
be absorbed as a form, but this will go on roadmap.

Speaker 1 1:00:33

Okay. Perfect. Sounds good. Yeah. And the other one was there's service
delivery and finance review. I think we have a lot of information from
finance. Anything part of those discussions with finance were like we're
trying to figure out what we want to track, how we want to track it. So
this is a good takeaway. We have had a lot of discussions, we've gone
through the path, we're going to go back, we're going to put abuse ahead
of finance, but we're going to think about it, and then we'll come back
more with some recommendations. Of look, here's what we think you should
do for kind of our budget management of, say, whatever. I think I
believe there's three core things. I love the fact that you know the
group said a month ago says no, everyone can see the budgets, and so on,
so forth. It's going to make people's lives easier, because now I know
the first, the original one was, well, no one can see budgets, but they
have to manage stuff to budget, so I think we're good. So we have
information for that, but finance, you'll see in our iteration plan,
we're going to shift that out, but we really wanted to have those
finance discussions to make sure what we're doing now, we know where
finance is coming, because they're after the fact, but not really. So,
okay, so that one can also be adjusted.

Ross 1:01:51

Adjusted, do you want finance only canceled?

Speaker 1 1:01:54

Yeah, I, at this point, we've already had a ton of information, so we
need time to digest it, and we're going to hold up on our digestion,
because we want to focus on, well, the iterations we have and abuse
first.

Ross 1:02:08

All right. No, that sounds totally fine. I just wanted, before I started
blasting everyone with cancelations, want to make sure we're canceling.

Speaker 3 1:02:13

Yeah,

Ross 1:02:17

okay. And then Kelvin, what I'll have you do, if you wouldn't mind, just
reaching out to your team to see what their availability is tomorrow,
and we can get that, we can get that form taken care of for Marcus and
Rob. There

Speaker 1 1:02:30

sounds good. Yeah, and if we could just have a list of here's the user,
here's their rule, that kind of helps us get the mind safe, and I really
love the con

Ross 1:02:39

for the UAT,

Speaker 1 1:02:40

yeah, the fan care user, you know, the admin side, the director, and
you're already thinking of the who makes sense, and we're getting some
cross department stuff here.

Ross 1:02:50

Yep, that's the whole whole plan. So, Christina Kelvin and I, let's plan
on meeting, you know, as we are tomorrow, 9am and we'll just, we'll be
flexible with getting a lot of this stuff tackled for for ID fusion, and
hopefully we can come away with some, some good updates and some good
progress for you guys.

Ross 1:03:08

Excellent. Sounds good.

Speaker 5 1:03:13

So, so Ross, like me, you and Calvin are meeting tomorrow.

Ross 1:03:18

Yeah, we'll meet. We'll meet in the Eagle boardroom there. I've got it
booked. Sorry, I see. I took everyone off that standing meeting to try
to make things simple, and it's just stayed on my calendar, so I'm like,
I'm.. we're all there, don't we all see this beautiful big meeting where
we've got this space? Yes, yes, yes, Christine, it'll be you, Calvin,
and I. And then we'll bring Calvin will bring service delivery in to
answer that form together. We'll work on our UAT. Some of our UAT users
will get a spreadsheet just made with who they are, role, contact info,
stuff like that.

Speaker 4 1:03:51

Sounds good.

Speaker 1 1:03:52

Good. And then, thanks for bringing everyone to this meeting. Because at
first, I told Margo, I just want to give a heads up to Ross. I want to
make sure he's expectations. I was like, no, no, have it here. And then
we're like, oh wait, we actually, okay, you guys are okay with this
conversation, and we're making kind of some adjustment decisions. It's
unbelievable. We're, I think, yeah,

Ross 1:04:12

I think we've, we've, we've benefited from a lot of that, the heavy
lifting in those meetings. Clement is a busy person. Calvin's a busy
person. You know, we're fortunate enough to have a really strong
executive team that can get together and, you know, fill Phil Clement in
and make sure that we're still holding her portion of the vision for the
agency, but at the same time working with the constraints that we have
to come up with with the best thing, so

Speaker 5 1:04:41

I'm also meeting, I'm meeting with Clem tomorrow. Yeah, yeah,

Ross 1:04:47

so Christina will tattle on all of

Speaker 3 1:04:49

us

Ross 1:04:50

about making these decisions, and that works great for me. I myself am a
tattler, so

Speaker 1 1:04:59

I. This sounds,

Ross 1:05:01

no. I think this is great. And then Christina, yeah, if you want to even
turn clumsier tomorrow, even just to jump on Teams to basically kind of
rehear the overview here, that'd be.. I think it's

Speaker 5 1:05:13

actually like a.. it's actually like a Teams meeting tomorrow afternoon,
so she's not actually coming into Wipe.

Ross 1:05:20

Oh, okay,

Speaker 3 1:05:21

yeah,

Ross 1:05:22

okay, great. Then, yeah, then we'll plan on, we'll plan on teams. I know
she RSVP'd, so we'll just, we'll plan on, we'll plan on hashing us
again.

Speaker 5 1:05:32

Yeah, sounds good.

Speaker 1 1:05:34

Okay, and then Ross, can you send me an email of exactly what check we
need, so I know there's multiple sector. I think that's obviously for
children, parent. I just want to get the right wording, so

Ross 1:05:47

sure. I'll have Kelvin. Kelvin, do you can you provide the requirement
there?

Speaker 3 1:05:53

Yeah.

Ross 1:05:55

Thank you.

Speaker 1 1:06:01

Thank you. All right, excellent. Thank you very much. And again,
anything comes up, you know, you always let

Ross 1:06:08

us know.

Speaker 3 1:06:09

Yep, perfect,

Ross 1:06:10

perfect.

Speaker 4 1:06:11

Let's put the two in there.

Speaker 1 1:06:12

That's the, that was the one I was also making sure. Thank you. Okay,
here we go, because I know there's the, yeah, perfect.

Ross 1:06:19

All right, thanks, team.

Speaker 4 1:06:20

Thank you, guys. Bye

Speaker 3 1:06:22

bye.
